---
title: 20240925
date: 2024-09-25 16:07:51
permalink: /pages/2cfe16/
author:
  name: Riverside Joy
  link: https://github.com/MaiRen1997
categories:
  - 英语学习
  - TED
  - 2024年部分
tags:
  - 
---
I love being a **cartoonist** because I can travel anywhere.
I can visit **historical artifacts** and make improvements.
I can **voyage** to **mythical** lands and solve problems.
(Laughter)
I can bring objects to life,
and I can make those objects think and talk.
And I can send those objects wherever I want them to go.
I became a cartoonist to travel through space and time,
and I became a **graphic memoirist**
because the place I wanted to go was the past.
I come from a **legacy** of dramatic stories and lost **characters**.
My grandmother, Lily, on my mother's side,
was born in Warsaw, Poland,
the oldest of four sisters.
She was 13 in 1939,
when Nazi **bombs razed** her home
and her family was **sealed** to starve inside the Warsaw Ghetto.
Eventually, her father **encouraged** her to slip through a **hole** in the wall,
and she survived the Holocaust on her own, hiding her Jewish **identity**.
This is the subject of my first book.
I wondered: What did my grandmother’s lost home and lost family look like?
Her parents, her grandmother and her sisters,
they are all gone without a **trace**.
My father's parents were luckier.
They were also Jewish,
and they both **fled** Austria at the start of the war.
My father's father, Fred, was a **pianist** and **conductor.**
In 1937, the year before the Nazis **marched** into Austria,
he was 26,
and he **conducted** a **magnificent** **choral** concert
at a music **hall** in Vienna.
A **wealthy** American woman in the **audience**
was so impressed with his performance
that she later agreed to sponsor his visa to the US.
So music saved his life.
But three decades later, Fred died of heart disease.
I never met him.
While alive, Fred **meticulously** preserved the documents of his life,
a response to the **threat** of **erasure** he **fled** in Europe.
And for decades after his father’s death,
my father continued this **preservation** project.
This is the subject of my second book.
You might know my father, Ray Kurzweil, as an **inventor** and futurist.
You should also know that he's a person with an **extraordinary** sense of humor.
["Can I call you an Uber?" "Sure."]
["You're an Uber."]
(Laughter)
Good one dad.
(Laughter)
And although he's dedicated his mind to the future,
his life is full of the past.
My father has worked for decades on natural language processing.
And several years ago, he realized
that if we married AI with my grandfather's writing,
we could build a chatbot that writes in my grandfather's voice.
Back in 2018, this seemed very sci-fi.
But rather than **ushering** in our **demise**,
this project helped me realize
that AI could actually help us **ward off** **annihilation**
by **animating** the **legacies** of our families and our cultures.
I wanted to talk to my grandfather because he, like me, was an artist.
I wondered: Could I get to know him?
Could I even come to love him, even though our lifespans didn’t **overlap**?
So I got involved.
This chatbot needed language from my grandfather,
as much as could be found.
So I, with some **assistance**,
set about finding his words and **transcribing** them.
This was a **selective** chatbot,
meaning it responded to questions
with answers from the pool of sentences
that Fred actually wrote at some point in his life.
The more examples of Fred's writing we could find,
the more **dynamic** the experience of chatting with the bot would feel.
Sometimes this **transcription** task **proved** challenging.
But the more time I spent with the **symbols** of my grandfather's life,
the more easily I could **decode** them.
Finally, after much **anticipation**,
I sat down to chat with this new **intelligence**:
an **algorithm** commanding over 600 typed pages
of letters, lectures, notes, **essays**
and other written documents from the grandfather I never met.
When I asked about Fred's dreams,
he told me about the challenge of keeping his new **orchestra afloat**.
When I asked about Fred's anxieties,
I learned about the stress of being a new father while working so hard.
When I asked about the meaning of life,
Fred wrote about the joy of working with other **musicians** in **pursuit** of beauty,
and he wrote about the highest aims of art.
I asked again about the meaning of life
because isn't that really the best question for a robot?
And Fred's second answer was much simpler, but even better.
["Love."]
Some of these answers felt familiar to me.
I remembered seeing them in the **archive**,
but the words gained impact through surprise
and the **role-play** of conversation.
I could identify **patterns** in my grandfather's life
and patterns across **generations**,
because I was also an artist trying to make it in New York City.
And I also believe the meaning of life is art and connection and love.
I had wondered if this project would feel like a **resurrection**.
But rather than bringing my grandfather <u>from the past into the present</u>,
it felt like I was the one time traveling,
visiting him for a moment at different points in his life.
And this kind of time travel didn't feel like **sci-fi**.
It felt like the kind of imaginative travel I do when I'm cartooning.
When I'm cartooning,
I'm always thinking about how I could possibly **represent** a person fully.
And the answer is: I can’t.
Similarly, I know how many aspects of my grandfather
can't be captured by digital text alone.
There's all those **quivers** in his handwriting
and what they denote about the **sensations** in his body.
There's his body, how it moved and how it felt.
There's his music and all the **ineffable** aspects of his performance.
And of course, there's everything he thought but didn't write down.
What would we have to do to be able to capture all of this?
I may fail as an artist
to fully represent a person's constantly **evolving** **complexity**,
but I can ask what features of a person are essential to who they are
across a lifetime.
The **puzzle** of personal identity
is one of our oldest **philosophical** questions,
so I'm not here to solve that one for you,
I'm just a cartoonist after all.
[Robot cat passes Turing test]
I do believe that we, maybe not cats,
but we are more than our bodies.
That the projects and impressions we leave behind
are a part of our essential **selves**.
And I think AI has a special role to play in the **mission** of memory.
I did not come to see the chatbot of my grandfather
as replacing my grandfather.
I came to see it as one way to **interact** with his **legacy**.
As somebody who has spent their whole life trying to document people,
I can assure you that people are much bigger and **weirder**
than any one **depiction**
or any one moment in time can possibly **evoke**.
And I can also assure you
that people don't just **disappear** when they die.
AI swirls our conception of time and space.
It can remix and extend our **identities**.
Our own digital archives are growing beyond belief,
and we need a framework for understanding technologies of representation.
So I offer you mine.
Just like the **comics** I've drawn, about the characters in my life,
these **technologies** are animated portraits.
They are one part of our true **immortal** **selves**.
Seen this way,
AI, like cartooning and all good artistic **endeavors**,
could help us **appreciate** the **vastness** of humanity -- if we let it.
Thank you.

```tex
"我喜欢当漫画家，
因为我可以去任何地方旅行。"
"我可以参观历史文物
并进行改进。"
"我可以航行到神话之地
并解决问题。"
（笑声）
我可以让物体变得栩栩如生，
我可以让这些物体思考
和说话。
"我可以将这些物品发送到
任何我想要的地方。"
"我成为一名漫画家是为了
穿越时空，"
我成为一名图形回忆录作家是
"因为
我想去的地方是过去。"
"我来自戏剧性
故事和失落角色的遗产。"
我的祖母莉莉
出生在波兰华沙，是
四姐妹中最大的一个。
1939 年，她 13 岁，
纳粹炸弹将她的家夷为平地，
"她的家人被困
在华沙犹太人区挨饿。"
"最终，她的父亲鼓励她
从墙上的一个洞里溜进去，"
"她独自在大屠杀中幸存下来，
隐藏了自己的犹太身份。"
这是我第一本书的主题。
"我想知道：我的祖母失去的
家和失去的家人是什么样子？"
"她的父母，她的祖母
，她的姐妹们，"
都消失得无影无踪。
我父亲的父母比较幸运。
他们也是犹太人，
"
在战争开始时都逃离了奥地利。"
"我父亲的父亲弗雷德
是一位钢琴家和指挥家。"
"1937 年，即
纳粹进军奥地利的前一年，"
26 岁的
"他在维也纳音乐厅指挥了
一场盛大的合唱"
音乐会。
观众席上一位富有的美国女士
对他的表演印象深刻
"，后来同意
赞助他前往美国的签证。"
所以音乐救了他的命。
"但三十年后，
弗雷德因心脏病去世。"
我从未见过他。
"在活着的时候，弗雷德精心保存了
他的生活文件，这是对"
"
他逃往欧洲的删除威胁的回应。"
在他父亲去世后的几十年里，
"我的父亲继续了
这个保护项目。"
这是我第二本书的主题。
"您可能认识我的父亲雷·库兹韦尔 (Ray Kurzweil)，他
是一位发明家和未来学家。"
"你还应该知道他是一个具有
非凡幽默感的人。"
[“我可以给你叫 Uber 吗？”  “当然。”]
[“你是优步。”]
（笑声）
好爸爸。
（笑声）
"虽然他
一心致力于未来，但"
他的生活却充满了过去。
"我父亲
在自然语言处理领域工作了数十年。"
几年前，他意识到，
"如果我们将人工智能
与我祖父的写作结合起来，"
"我们就可以构建一个
用我祖父的声音写作的聊天机器人。"
回到2018年，这看起来非常科幻。
但这个项目并没有导致我们的灭亡，而是
让我认识到，
"人工智能实际上可以
"
"通过激发
我们家庭和文化的遗产来帮助我们避免毁灭。"
"我想和祖父谈谈，
因为他和我一样，也是一位艺术家。"
我想：我能认识他吗？
"
即使我们的寿命并不重叠，我还能爱上他吗？"
所以我也参与其中。
"这个聊天机器人需要
我祖父的语言，"
尽可能多的语言。
于是我在一些帮助下
"开始寻找他的话
并抄录下来。"
这是一个选择性聊天机器人，这
意味着它会用
-
"Fred
在他生命中某个时刻实际写下的句子池中的答案来回答问题。"
"
我们找到的 Fred 写作的例子越多，"
"
与机器人聊天的体验就越有活力。"
"有时，这种转录
任务被证明具有挑战性。"
"但我花在
祖父一生的象征上的时间越多，"
我就越容易解读它们。
最后，在满怀期待之后，
"我坐下来
与这个新智能聊天："
"一种算法，可以控制
600 多页打字"
的信件、讲座、笔记、论文
"和其他
我从未见过的祖父的书面文件。"
当我问及弗雷德的梦想时，
"他向我讲述了
维持他的新乐团生存所面临的挑战。"
当我询问弗雷德的焦虑时，
"我了解到作为
一个新父亲在如此努力工作的同时所承受的压力。"
当我问及生命的意义时，
"弗雷德写了
与其他音乐家一起追求美的乐趣，"
"他写了
艺术的最高目标。"
我再次问生命的意义，
"因为这
对于机器人来说不是最好的问题吗？"
"弗雷德的第二个答案
要简单得多，但更好。"
[“爱。”]
其中一些答案对我来说很熟悉。
我记得在档案中看到过它们，
"但这些文字
通过惊喜"
和对话的角色扮演而产生了影响。
"我可以识别
祖父的生活模式"
以及几代人的生活模式，
"因为我也是一名
试图在纽约创作的艺术家。"
"我也相信生命的意义
是艺术、联系和爱。"
"我想知道这个项目
是否会让人感觉像是一次复活。"
"但我并没有把我的祖父
从过去带到现在，而是"
感觉我是唯一一次旅行，
"
在他生命中的不同时刻拜访他。"
"而且这种时空旅行
感觉并不像科幻小说。"
"这感觉就像
我在画漫画时所做的那种富有想象力的旅行。"
当我创作漫画时，
"我总是在思考如何
才能完整地代表一个人。"
答案是：我不能。
"同样，我知道
我祖父的很多方面"
无法仅通过数字文本来捕捉。
"
他的笔迹中充满了这些颤抖，"
"以及它们所代表的
他身体的感觉。"
"这是他的身体，
它是如何移动的以及它的感觉如何。"
"这是他的音乐和
他表演中所有难以形容的方面。"
"当然，还有
他想到但没有写下来的一切。"
"我们需要做什么
才能捕捉到这一切？"
作为一名艺术家，我可能无法
"充分表现一个人
不断变化的复杂性，"
"但我可以问一个人的哪些特征
对于他们"
一生至关重要。
个人身份之谜
"是我们最古老的
哲学问题之一，"
所以我不是来为你解决这个问题的，
毕竟我只是一名漫画家。
[机器猫通过图灵测试]
我确实相信我们，也许不是猫，
但我们不仅仅是我们的身体。
"
我们留下的项目和印象"
是我们本质自我的一部分。
"我认为人工智能
在记忆的使命中可以发挥特殊的作用。"
"我并没有看到
祖父的聊天机器人会"
取代我的祖父。
"我开始将其视为
与他的遗产互动的一种方式。"
"作为一个一生都在
尝试记录人的人，"
"我可以向你保证，人
"
比任何一种描述
"或任何一个时刻都
可能唤起的更大、更奇怪。"
我还可以向你保证，
"人死后并不会
消失。"
"人工智能颠覆了我们的
时间和空间观念。"
它可以重新混合并扩展我们的身份。
"我们自己的数字档案
正在增长得令人难以置信，"
"我们需要一个框架来理解
表示技术。"
所以我给你我的。
"就像我画的
关于我生活中的人物的漫画一样，"
这些技术是动画肖像。
"他们是
我们真正不朽的自我的一部分。"
从这个角度来看，
"人工智能就像卡通画
和所有优秀的艺术作品一样，"
"可以帮助我们欣赏
人性的博大——如果我们愿意的话。"
谢谢。
```



