## Your name

1. My name is Tom
2. I'm Tom
3. My name is Thomas, but people call me Tom, that's true for me
4. On my passport it says Thomas, but in daily life, everyone calls me Tom

## Where are you from?
1. I'm from Germany
2. I'm from the US but I'm living in London
3. I'm from Hangzhou, it's in China
4. I'm from Guangzhou, it's in the south of China
5. I was born in Guangzhou, but I'm living in Hangzhou
## How old are you?
1. I'm 40 years old
2. I'm 40
3. I'm in my twenties(range in 21~29 years old)
4. I'm almost 30 (maybe 29 nearly 30)
5. I just turned 30 (that means I became 30 recently)
6. I'm in my thirties(range in 31~33)
7. I'm in my late forties(range in 47、48、49)
## Family members
1. Do you have brothers and sisters? (siblings)
   1. Yes, I have two brothers and one sister
   2. No, I don't have any siblings
   3. Yes, I have an older sister
   4. Yes, I have one younger brother
   5. I'm an only child(that means I don't have any siblings)
2. How many brothers and sisters do you have?
   1. I have one brothers and two sisters.
   2. I don't have brothers and sisters.
   3. I don't have any siblings.
3. Are you the oldest(youngest)?
   1. Yes, I'm the oldest.
   2. No, I'm the middle child.
4. Do you live with your family?
   1. Yes, I live with my family(parents/ wife and children).
   2. No, I live alone.
5. what do you do? 
   1. what's your job?
   2. what is your daily work?
   3. what do you do for a living?

   1. I'm a teacher.
   2. I'm a teacher, I work in a primary schoold.
   3. I'm looking for a job right now.(I'm between jobs)
   4. I'm a homemaker. (I'm a housewife./ I'm a stay-at-home mom. / I stay at home with my children.)
6. what are you studying?
   1. I'm studying computer science.
   2. I stydied computer science.(It means I have finished my study)
   3. I study business and I also work in a shop.
   4. I'm a student but I have a part-time job.
7. What are you like?(How would you describe yourself?(for job interview))
  it donesn't mean what do you like, it means what kind of person you are.Describe the kind of person you are.
   1. I'm friendly、shy、hardworking、funny、curious、helpful、positive、open-mind、creative、reliable.
   2. I'm friendly and patient
   3. I like listening to people.
   4. I like learning new things.
   5. I also a little quiet sometimes.








