---
title: Aritcal
date: 2024-11-28 19:44:23
permalink: /pages/3dc4c9/
categories:
  - 英语学习
  - quora
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Riverside Joy
  link: https://github.com/MaiRen1997
---
## Artical1(2025-02-27)

An old man in Miami `calls up` his son in New York and says, 

"Listen, your mother and I are getting `divorced`. 

Forty-five years of `misery` is enough."

"Dad, what are you talking about?" the son `screams`.

“We can't `stand` the sight of each other any longer,” he says. 

"`I'm sick of her face, and I'm sick of talking about this`, 

so call your sister in Chicago and tell her," and he `hangs up`.

Now, the son is worried. So he calls up his sister.

She says, "Like hell they’re getting divorced!" and calls her father immediately.

"You’re not getting divorced! 

`Don't do another thing`, `the two of us` are flying home tomorrow to talk about this.

 Until then, don't call a lawyer, don't file a paper, DO YOU HEAR ME?” and she hangs up.

`The old man turns to his wife and says`

 "Okay, they’re coming for Christmas and paying their own airfares."

Credits: Respective owner

## Artical2(2025-02-28)

“This kid `dialed` 911 telling the `dispatcher` <u>`he was running away from home after an argument with his mother`</u>.

This officer arrived talked to the kid and went into his bedroom which was empty outside of a `deflated blowup bed`. The young man `essentially` slept on the floor.

The officer encouraged the boy to stay home. The child’s mother facing a `tough financial hardship`.

The officer left and soon returning with a bed, a television and a game system. The child was `elated` beyond words. Not all angels wear wings! Thank you officer!!!!” ❤️❤️❤️

Source: Good Thinking

## Artical3

"So at my daughter's birthday dinner a little girl about 3-4 yrs old saw my daughter walk in the restaurant.

While we are all just enjoying the moment the little girl `runs down` to where my daughter was, looks and smiles real big then runs back to her mom and dad.

Shortly after, the daughter come back being carried by her dad and her head is `buried` in his neck.

The dad `taps` my daughter on the shoulder and says, 'My daughter thinks you are a real `princess` and wants to give you a hug.' ☺👑.

My daughter say yes and the little girl gives her the biggest hug. This brought the room to tears and cheers.

They `take a couple of pics` and the little girls **`waves` goodbye with her parents**.

That little girl saw just a "princess" not a black one or white one but simply a princess. `Kids don't have hate in them`; they are taught it."

Credit: Steve White

## Artical4(2025-03-01)

`Is this true that many Chinese would like to get a green card in a Western country? Which countries would be the most desirable?`

It is true. `Competition` in China `is terribly fierce`. A town house of 300 square meters in China `tier 2 city` costs about 2 million USD, not mention the tier 1 cities. The middle class husband and wife both need to work to maintain an acceptable life. Competition for kids is even `harsher`. High school students need to study 12-16 hours a day and 7 days a week. Only ~3% of the high school students have chances to enter `so called` 985 university ranked in top 500 over the world.

With a green card, like me now, it takes 2 months for me to own a house in Melbourne by only me going work and my wife staying at home for baby caring. I work 30–40 hours a week while in China I often worked 60–70 hours a week with my phone is online 24*7. So why not? The Australia needs `diligent`, non-complaining workers and most of Chinese are this type. Chinese workers get what they cannot get in their home country too.

Australia, USA, Canada is still the most popular migration target and I foresee `Africa` will be next `rising star`.

However, though got what I want in Melbourne, soon I start to miss the life in China. Life in Australia is slow, `blunt`, `kinds of hollow`. People work to feed their families but `can’t see any grand future`. I wish the Australia government can have some long range plan and tell us where the whole country is going to, so that all of us can `unleash` our `passion` to be one of them. Unfortunately I didn’t see any.

In China, the target is clear, it is planned to 2050 and `mega projects` are under developing. People got the passion for their job and enjoy the `pride` of achievement. I still can’t forget my design for the China first self designed high speed train 5 years ago. It was so much fun and memorable when the train finally runs smoothly on the rail. China stands up in another `field` again.

## Artical5

**Do you think Chinese international students who come from mainland China face any challenges when studying in the USA?**

Yes, some challenges but not `insurmountable`. Most Chinese students come from `well-off` or `cosmopolitan` families, with international school and `overseas` visits in their backgrounds. And some are so good, they get `well-deseved` `fellowships`. I meet and teach both `undergradustes` (inc. Freshman) and graduate students  and visiting `scholars`] from China every year and I am very impressed. BUT there is some racist behavior in public which makes them unconfortable, but they tell me it is far worse on the East Coast than in California and Washington - where they are high proportions of Asians in the `general` population. I <u>am often amazed at</u> their attention and hard work in my courses and the `originality` of their research. And they are very `hospitable` to me when I visit China (e.g. for one month last summer).

## Artical6(2025-03-02)

`How big is the gap between Russia and the USA in terms of military? Don't be biased`

`Let’s put it this way`.

`Back in 2003`, USA (with UK) `invaded` `Iraq`. It had fairly modern `weaponry`, a large mobilized army that was prepared to face the `invasion`. USA was fighting on the other side of the world, Saudi Arabia `prohibited` the use of their territory and Turkey didn’t want to join the `coalition`, so all the `forces` were coming in from Kuwait. `Iraqis` knew exactly where Americans were coming from and had `ample` time to prepare. Americans were fighting almost 10,000 km from their home.

The war lasted six weeks and took fewer than 200 `coalition` lives, 139 Americans and 33 British `soldiers` died, `approximately` 600 were `wounded`. Saddam was removed from power and a new government installed. You can `quibble` about what happened later, the army part was done `flawlessly`.

Back in 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. Ukraine too had some modern weaponry, `but was caught by surprise`. No one in Ukraine thought Russia would launch the invasion, it would be `outright` silly. Russia was fighting on their border, within 400 km of Moscow even and invaded not only through Russia, but through Belarus as well, driving hard for Kyiv. Ukraine had only about 24 hours to prepare, that’s when Ukrainian `high command` realized the Western intelligence was right.

The war is now 2.5 years old. Russian `casualties` are in `hundreds of thousands`. The `armored` `fist` of their army is no more, they’re making do with old Soviet-era `weaponry` and `barely` `trained` `recruits`. They lost `dozens of` planes, `thousands of` tanks and haven’t yet captured a single provincial capital - save for Kherson, which they lost back to Ukrainians. The few towns they managed to capture `despite` `fierce` resistance are now `smoldering` `ruins`. Ukrainian `forces` occupy a part of Russia and are `striking` `deep inside` Russia with `drones` and `saboteurs`. A private army `rebelled` and drove to Moscow, it was only stopped by the fact their commander was even stupider than he looked (and he looked very stupid).

Since the beginning of the summer Russians lost more men each day than Americans and the British lost to bring down Saddam Hussein in 6 weeks, while fighting on the other side of the world. In fact they lose about twice as many men each day these days, thanks to fierce Ukrainian offensive.

I think this showcases the differences quite well. It’s rather stark.

## Artical7

Don't People in China wish to live in a democratic country?

China is very strange.

As you study its history, you will find that PRC is not much different from ancient China.

Because China has implemented the imperial examination system a long time ago.

They passed the exam to select officials.

Then promote the officials according to the official performance of the officials.

China is still the system now.

China is neither communism nor capitalism.

It is more like a system that continues the ancient Chinese.

Very amazing.

The ancient Chinese thinker Laozi has always dreamed of reaching a well-off society.

Today, China announced that it will enter a comprehensive well-off society.

Let every Chinese have a house to live in, have 9 years of compulsory education.

Of course, if you only understand China through the media, you can't understand this answer.

Only when you read their history of the Spring and Autumn Warring States.

Only when you understand their ancient civil service system.

You can understand this answer.

Chinese police generally do not carry guns. If you ask for directions, they will be very patient to help you. The Chinese support their central government but are dissatisfied with the local government.

Because many local governments do not implement the policies of the central government for their own benefit.

(Western media always criticize their central government. This makes the Chinese very distrustful of Western media). If you need to accuse the Chinese government next time, you can blame them for local government. This will certainly not be opposed by the Chinese.

There are many reasons why the Chinese support the central government.

For example, the central government provides free nine-year compulsory education, cheap medical care, cheap higher education, cheap electricity, and cheap and convenient transportation facilities.

Moreover, during the founding of the People's Republic, the central government divided the land equally with the peasants (most of them were farmers at the time).

Nowadays, many Chinese are the sons of farmers, so they support the central government.

The current system of promotion of officials in China is not very different from the promotion system of officials in ancient China. Because they used the exams thousands of years ago to select officials and promote them according to the official achievements of the officials. This is something the West does not understand. I think they are neither communism nor capitalism. They are still the culture that continues the ancient China. So I think that although we can't understand it, we should respect their culture.

## Artical8

**Why is national independence so important?**

Consider my country Mongolia. It’s located between China and Russia. Two of the biggest countries in the world, they also possess the biggest militaries in the world. No other country in the world can attack Mongolia, as they would have to go through either Russia or China. So in this situation one might ask, why is independence important for Mongolia?

Mongolia suffered two hundred years under Manchu rule and seventy years under Soviet Union. What we lost:

1. Lineage tree: Due to these occupations, Mongolians lost our lineage tree and history. Before, every family could, based on their books, tell at least 9 previous generations. We were able to say if we came from Chinggis Khan ancestry or not.
2. Language: during soviet occupation, our written system was abolished. We followed the more “modern” Cyrillic alphabet.
3. in both occupations freedom fighters and people who advocated independent policy were arrested and shot.
4. Chinggis khan and his legacy was forbidden to study during communism
5. Religion: Buddhism (lamaism) was introduced into Mongolia to pacify warlike Mongols

So what have we learned from this? If you want your culture, language and traditions to remain with you, keep your country independent. We have a great saying:

“Миний нутгийн газар шорооноос *бурхан гуйсан ч* бүү өг”.

“if god comes to you and asks for some dirt from your land, don't give it”

Meaning that your country, your motherland is more important than anything else. Btw its also motto of our Border Guards…

## Artical9

**Why is India lagging behind China in economic development when India is a democracy whild China isn't?**

Let’s not get boggled by big jargons like democracy , Dictatorship etc.

No form of government can survive for long without the support of people , No form of government can thrive without meeting the demands of its citizens.

So the question is , Does indian population really want economic development ?

To put it simply , The Economic development is outcome of prosperity . A country can prosper by selling its natural resources or service/technology. The latter option is the best.

To sell service/technology a country should be technologically advanced enough that other countries pays to use the proprietary technology or service provided by it.

Now, Such country should take its research and development seriously . By rewarding and encouraging its citizens into innovation and research.

But , What does India reward ?

Government jobs are rewarded with stable income and comforting pension on retirement.

Millions of young Indians spend countless hours to grab these limited seats , by rote memorizing same 20 year(or maybe more) old syllabus. This love for government exams is ubiquitous in india . i’ve lived in north and southern parts and conditions are quite similar.

Can we figure out a way to reward research and innovation in similar way ?

Can we motivate bright minds to come together and innovate ?

India spends 0.6 % of its GDP in R&D and China spends 2.4% (That’s 4 times of india as per allocation percentage and 24 times in absolute dollar amount)

Interestingly Israel , a small country having population less than Bangalore city spends 5.71% of GDP in R&D .

Is there any upside you ask ?

Of course there is , Israel technological prowess is at par with western rivals . Its focus on strong educational infrastructure , research and innovation, have given great dividends . as Israel is the most wealthy country in west-asia with highly educated population.

Shouldn't we demand ruling dispensation in india to take inspiration from such examples around the world ?

Don’t you think media houses should be organizing debates on such topics with bureaucrats ?

But again , Does indian population really want economic development ?

Democracy is not a panacea to cure problems of development.

China should not be our benchmark for economic development and growth. There’s a need to look inward rather than outward.

China is not our rival , We are our own rival.

## Artical10

**Many foreigners make fun of India by saying India is dirty and Indians are unhygienic. Are we really that bad?**

To be honest,Indians are not good at keeping the surroundings clean.

This answer might hurt the sentiments but truth must be told.

I will share example of my society to elaborate with help of below picture taken recently.

There is an empty plot of land behind the multistory building.What people do is throw away garbage in this land from their balconies instead of handing over the garbage to the garbage collector.

Note: As it is rainly season,garbage is hidden among the bushes. Once dry season starts,it looks much worse.

It is perplexing and hard to decipher how such educated people can do things like this.This is just one of the many examples which we see around us.

People in India only care to keep their houses clean and never bother about cleanliness of public places.

Another pic to show what foreigners are saying is actually the reality.Spitting all over the public places be it railway station,bus stand,Airports,etc.

Yesterday i saw corner of the Railway station elevator red and rusted with stains from Gutkha spit.Its a feeling of shame and disgust to have that sight.

Why travellers will hold back on sharing their views.They spend a lot of money to travel to India and sights like these are a nightmare for them.

Yes,there are many clean places in India and awareness about hygiene is on the rise but still we are far away from the standards.

## Artical11

**Why did Elon Musk choose China and not India for production?**

Narendra Modi visited Tesla’s factory in California, in 2015 and invited Elon Musk to set up a factory in India. A year later Nitin Gadkari met Musk and offered free land near ports.

But Tesla has reached an agreement with China to set up an electric car factory in Shanghai sometime in 2017, even as India continued to frame its EV (Electric Vehicles) policy. Now 1000 Tesla cars in a week are rolling out of the factory in Shanghai.

China made a great offer, a lucrative incentive to spur Elon Musk’s Tesla Inc. to decide on building its first automobile factory outside of the US in Shanghai. The offer was that Tesla could build a wholly owned factory in Shanghai`s free-trade zone.

The incentive is a special exemption from Chinese manufacturing laws that require foreign automakers to set up joint ventures with local partners and thus splitting profits and sharing some technology, though they also avoid import tariffs.

For Tesla it was just the start of what will be a growing investment in China. It intends to continue increasing investment in China, making the Model 3 and the Model Y, and future models also in China. Tesla also has plans to establish a China design and engineering center to actually design an original car in China for worldwide consumption.

India, widely seen as a potential rival to China’s economic dominance, lost out to China. Why? India, a late starter in electric-vehicles, was still formulating policies which would help it achieve its objective of having an all-electric fleet of vehicles on the roads by 2030.

China is regarded by foreign companies as a far more attractive market owing to the sheer scale of its industries and a niche affluent population. Moreover, China’s electric-vehicle market is already the world’s largest and is expected to continue growing. China has already made it mandatory that all automakers should produce a specific percentage of electric vehicles from 2019.

The electric vehicles before the entry of Tesla have a captive 5 per cent of China’s car sales and now Tesla will have to expand its sales beyond that 5 per cent in addition to capturing monopoly in that 5 per cent. To be sure, there is an affluent segment of China’s massive population that can afford Tesla cars.

Electric car sales in China increased at a compound annual growth rate of 179.4 per cent between 2013 and 2016 to 329,000 units, equivalent to 1.4 per cent of total sales of fossil-fuel run cars, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

It, therefore, offers a much better opportunity for Tesla, when it looks to expand its global footprint.

Many have pointed about the irrelevance of the above statement, as Tesla has given open source to their patents. I stand corrected. Thank you friends.

In 2014 itself Musk said that “there was a wall of Tesla patents in the lobby of our Palo Alto headquarters. That is no longer the case. They have been removed, in the spirit of the open source movement, for the advancement of electric vehicle technology.”

## Artical12

We all know China is colonizing Nepal. Why are we not doing anything to stop China from capturing Nepal like Tibet?

Well, I live in Nepal and I haven’t seen a shred of evidence that China is somehow colonizing Nepal. If investing lots of money in Nepal for our economic growth and development plus increased cultural interactions between Chinese and Nepalis count as colonizing then I am afraid you are wrong. Nepal joining the OBOR initiative of China is for our own national benefit, it’s not colonization. Now, we hear a lot about this so called Chinese debt trap problem which I must say, Nepal must be vigilant about as we can’t have a situation where we have to compromise our sovereignty because we are unable to pay debts but the situation hasn’t risen to that and I don’t think it will.

Nepal is also not Tibet. I hate to break this to some folks but Tibet has been part of China for centuries alright, only during the time when China was severely weakened by western powers did Tibet have some autonomy, it doesn’t mean they were independent. Nepal has been a independent Country for centuries, we had even maintained ties when China was a Empire long time ago and yes we also fought some battles back in the day.

Lastly, No China is not colonizing Nepal and will not capture Nepal because it’s very counterproductive for China to do that and we are also a important buffer state with India. People need to realize that in this day and age, Nepal cannot ignore China and the idea that Nepal should be under exclusive sphere of influence of India is outdated and unacceptable to vast majority of Nepalis, what we must do is maintain good relations with both our neighbors taking into account their vital national interests at heart, simple.

## Artical13

**What do Chinese citizens think about India and India culture?**

Search India in Zhi Hu (It's like quora in China), and here's the first two pages. ( It basically means they are some of the hottest topics related to India)

1. Is *it true that current situation of India is terrible?*（5k upvotes .1k comments）
2. Is *it possible that the economy of India can catch up to China by the end of this century? (8k upvotes. 889 comments )*
3. Is *it true that Indians are really hilarious guys? (15k upvotes. 670comments )*
4. Will *India* *b*ecome *perman*ent *memb*er *of the UN security Council? (6k upvotes. 516comments )*
5. What *regio*ns *in India are relatively developed ?(3k. 418)*
6. Why *did India descend to "The country of rape"?(13k. 834)*
7. Is *it feasible for a girl to travel alone in India for 2 months？（800，110）*

….

(FYI, upvotes and comments are for answers, not for the questions. )

Though it may not be accurate, it does suggest some of the most prevalent images of India in Chinese minds.

And you can easily see that there's no malice **at all.**

Actually to an average Chinese , especially young people, the first thought when talking about India is not the economy, the military, rape or anything (you can imagine, just like quora those questions are for more educated people to reason with statistics and data), it's their **hilarity.**

Yes, the 3rd question.

I'm not sure if i translated it right, the word"逗比" is actually cyberspeak. It describes someone who behaves lovely amusing (no malice) . Young people in China are fond of calling themselves "逗比" .

And Jesus I **love that topic.**

I can't remember how many days I spent reading those answers because they are just **so** funny and they always made my day everytime I read them.

Don't get offended, dear Indian friends. Every one knows there's cultural and many other differences between our countries.

Well, personally I just **love** India, hoping to make more Indian friends!

## Artical14

**What countries will you never visit again?**

South Korea- Without a doubt!

I’m an IT consultant and I’ve been to 40+ countries so far due to office work. And by far South Korea is the worst place for Indians.

I went to Korea back in 2022 with my French friend and racism starts from the moment you land up in Ichelon airport. I got cold shoulder and no smile from the airport staff and at the same time, all the staff were supremely nice towards my French friend. It's so good as if a dog wiggles its tail and goes back and forth to get your attention. We stayed there for a week and the experience of both of us was exactly the opposite, Koreans were so needy for my friend's attention and so hostile towards me. Nonetheless, both of us were creeped out! Again, nothing better is expected from people who keep looks as a top priority and go to any extent like doing multiple plastic surgeries like chin job, facelift, jaw surgery, nose surgery, etc.
The Korean society is altogether a problem here, just saying it to be a problem of few would be an understatement.

During my stay, I met a few people from the Philippines and Indonesia and they said South Koreans are so shallow that they discriminate against anyone who is either poor(or rich from a perceived poor country like India) or average-looking or not light-skinned! Mind you the 'OR' not 'AND'. You might argue that this happens in every country, but I was overwhelmed as it happened to me at least 50 times during my one-week trip with me. And mind you I’m like a very highly educated guy and even burger flippers in South Korea were giving me the cold shoulder. I don’t know what things they teach Korean kids in their school!

So, If you’re Indian(South Asian) or from so-called poor SEA countries(as per them) like Malaysia, Indonesia, or Thailand beware and think twice before going to South Korea!

EDIT:

Thank you for sharing your views in the comments!

Recently few Indian YouTubers made a video on this topic and it's a good thing that Indians are slowly becoming aware of it.

And it is very true that -

**"A developed country doesn't necessarily mean people have a developed mindset!"**

## Artical15

**What was the dirtiest country you ever visited?**

What do you think this is a photo of?

Looks like houses in a slum, right? And it should be the dumping ground.

Believe it or not, it is a river.

If you look closely, you can see that the garbage is floating on the water. It is the Pasig River in the Philippines. Pasig, the largest lake in the Philippines, flows approximately 25 kilometers (16 mi) from Manila Bay to Lagun de Bay. The problem is that it crosses the most populous city on the planet, Manila, and as a result, it has become a local dumping ground. After World War II, when the city's population exploded, the river was used to dump factory waste, household waste, sewage and just about anything you can think of. In the 1990s, Pasig was considered biologically dead, meaning it could no longer support any aquatic life due to low levels of oxygen.

But our story does not end here.

The image on the right is the Pasig River today. Since 2008, the Asian Development Bank and the Filipino government took an initiative to rehabilitate the river. The program required bringing together the people of the city, various government agencies and environmental experts.

Filipinos themselves had run out in numbers, not even expecting to see AfDB and slowly, the Dead River began to return to life. Last year, the river won the Asian River Award for its "beauty" and "utility".

Pasig River won the first prize Asia Riverprise.

That's all i know

## Artical16

A Russian, a Swede, and a Finn are captured by a tribe. The chief offers them a chance to avoid execution by enduring 100 lashes without uttering a sound.

The Russian goes first. Before the punishment, he’s allowed one request. He asks for a pillow to be strapped to his back. After 10 lashes, the pillow breaks, and he screams in pain.

Next, the Swede requests two pillows. After 20 lashes, both pillows break, and he also cries out.

Finally, it’s the Finn’s turn. The chief, impressed by the Finn’s stoicism, offers him two requests.

The Finn says, “First, I want to be whipped 200 times instead of 100.”

The chief is surprised but agrees. “And your second request?”

“Strap the Swede to my back.”

## Artical17

Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum addresses Trump:

“So, you voted to build a wall.

Well, dear Americans, even if you don’t understand much about geography, since for you America is your country and not a continent, it is important for you to know, before the first brick is laid, that there are 7 billion people beyond that wall.

But since you don’t really know the term “people,” we will call them “consumers.” There are 7 billion consumers ready to replace their iPhones with Samsung or Huawei devices in less than 42 hours.

They can also replace Levi’s with Zara or Massimo Duti.

In less than six months, we can easily stop buying Ford or Chevrolet cars and replace them with Toyota, KIA, Mazda, Honda, Hyundai, Volvo, Subaru, Renault or BMW, which are technically better than the cars they produce. These 7 billion people can also stop subscribing to Direct TV, and we don't want to do that, but we can stop watching Hollywood movies and start watching more Latin American or European productions that have better quality, message, cinematic techniques and content.

Although it may sound incredible, we can skip Disney and go to the Xcaret resort in Cancun, Mexico, Canada or Europe: there are other great destinations in South America, East America and Europe.

And even if you don't believe it, even in Mexico there are better hamburgers than McDonald's and they have better nutritional content.

Has anyone seen pyramids in the United States? In Egypt, Mexico, Peru, Guatemala, Sudan and other countries there are pyramids with incredible civilizations.

Find out where to find the wonders of the ancient and modern world. None of them in the US. Shame on Trump, he would have bought them and sold them!

We know that Adidas exists, not just Nike, and we can start wearing Mexican sneakers like Panam. We know more than you think.

We know, for example, that if these 7 billion consumers don't buy their products, there will be unemployment and their economy will collapse (within the racist wall) to such an extent that they will beg us to tear down this ugly wall.

We didn't want to, but....

You want a wall, you get a wall. Sincerely yours."

## Artical18

**Why do Canadians keep talking about how the Canadian government could cut electricity, gas, power and other utilities to the Upper Midwest and New England when in reality Toronto, Ottawa and Montréal would fall in 14 hours if the US military invaded?**

As a Canadian from Ontario, I'm gonna put this right here and right up front because you seem really fucking uneducated.

The main portion of Niagara Falls located in Ontario Canada has this little thing attached to it called a power generating station. It uses the watcher flow from Niagara Falls to be able to create this lovely little invention called electricity. We then take approximately 60% of that electricity that is created and we sell it to the United States. In order for it to get to the United States, it crosses via the small invention called a transmission line. If you dogfuckers wanna play fuck around and find out, we'll just destroy the transmission lines that are on our side of the falls, because those lines are on our side of the border. Wouldn't that suck if half of Niagara Falls New York just went dark because your country wants to be stupid. Then we can take the transmission lines in other parts of Ontario and in Quebec and in New Brunswick and in Manitoba and in Saskatchewan and in Alberta and in British Columbia and destroy them when they go to cross the internationally recognized border because we will destroy what is on our side going to you in the United States. Then as your northern states along the border purchase 60% of our electricity, we're gonna watch the entire system destroy itself because it is massively overloaded and burns out.

That's just for electricity, now I'm gonna have real fun with you. The province of Alberta sends 60% of its oil and gas down to Texas to be refined because of pipelines. Now provincial (aka state) leaders in Alberta seem to think they overrule the federal government. That would be like saying the state of Montana or New York controls the United States Customs and Border Protection Agency. That shit doesnt fly one bit to the feds! Since Canada Border Services Agency (which is federal) deals with the border, the feds can give adequate notice that we are cutting off the pipelines sending 60% of our natural gas and oil down towards Texas. That means that your country then has a choice to either stop playing fuck around and find out or they can start paying for the same type of oil and gas from Venezuela instead.

Texas refineries are set up for Canadian and Venezuelan oil and gas only. They don't want to spend millions of dollars trying to retrofit because then it breaks into their profits which is not good when your shareholders are your responsibility instead of the consumer

## Artical19

A Japanese girl, who does live video streaming on YouTube, was walking around in Germany. While walking around, (racist) people were harassing her, but the girl did not pay much attention to them. Her innocent smile remained on camera.

But while she was eating at a restaurant, an older man sitting next to the girl started making faces like this:

Just like this man, another racist person also made faces to tease the girl. Eventually, the girl got a little upset because a person passing by almost dropped her camera.

At the end of the video, a man comes to the girl and apologizes. The man gently says that he is ashamed of the behavior of other Germans. He looks into the camera and says, 'This girl is very nice, and please come to Germany.' The girl melts after seeing this and hugs the man.

To subject a foreign guest to such harassment is beyond the bounds of despicableness.

## Artical20

**Why do the Chinese not care about the lack of freedom?**

My friend, Jane, recently travelled to China and had a lot of interesting experiences that really made me think about the question of freedom there.

She is very energetic and has such amazing stories from her travels all around the world,. Most of the time we spend together I like to listen to her talking.

She visited big cities like **Beijing and Shanghai**, as well as some smaller towns, and she got a chance to talk to many locals.

On one hand, Jane noticed that many people seemed to **prioritize stability and economic growth over personal freedoms.** In her conversations, some locals expressed that they felt safe and secure under the government’s control.

They talked about how their lives have improved significantly in recent years with better job opportunities, infrastructure, and living conditions. For them, the trade-off seemed worth it; they valued the progress and stability more than the lack of certain freedoms.

However, on the other hand, Jane also encountered people who were very aware of the restrictions. She met some **young activists who shared their frustrations about censorship and the lack of political freedom.**

They wanted more open discussions about social issues and greater participation in governance. These individuals felt trapped and expressed a longing for the rights and freedoms that many take for granted in other countries.

Overall, Jane's experience highlighted a **complex perspective**. While many people are content with the current situation, seeing it as a path to progress, others are yearning for more freedom and a voice in their own governance.

**It’s a balance between economic growth and personal liberties, and people are navigating it in different ways.**

