---
title: 20250215
date: 2025-02-18 12:54:53
permalink: /pages/91aff2/
categories:
  - 英语学习
  - RachelSpeak
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Riverside Joy
  link: https://github.com/MaiRen1997
---
Subtitle
Rachel: Welcome to the Rachel's English **podcast**. 
 I hope that by listening to this podcast, you will increase 
your listening **comprehension** for Americans, and you will also speak better American English. 
If you would like a free **transcript** of this podcast, please visit rachelsenglish.com/podcast, 
and look for this **episode**. In today’s episode, we're just going to be having conversation, 
and as we are speaking **naturally** about things, we're going to try to identify 
all of the interesting **idioms**, **phrasal** verbs, weird vocabulary words that we're using, 
and we'll stop and we'll define them. And the idea about doing this is that when we catch how 
we use **these kids of phrases** and words in natural conversation, then **we can start to** 
**better understand how they're used**. It also just helps provide context for what you're hearing. 
Sometimes, when you hear an **idiom** in context, it's a lot easier to understand what it means 
than when you're just learning **definitions**. So, David and I have each put together a couple of 
questions that we're to ask each other to get this conversation going. David, I'll start.
David: Okay.
Rachel: So, my question for you is, 
what are some of the great things about living in Philadelphia?
David: Oh, yeah. Well, as you know, 
I've lived here for a long time, since 2001, and there's **a couple things that I really love**. It's 
an old city, and so, it's very **dense**. It's walkable, meaning that in, uh, **comparison** to 
some other American cities where there's more **sprawl** and things are **spread out** and are a lot 
more car-dependent, in Philadelphia, it's really easy to walk to a lot of different things. So—
Rachel: Sprawl. That's a great vocabulary word.
David: That is a good one.
Rachel: Sprawl is, 
yeah, when things are spread out. Uh, we talk about urban sprawl sometimes.
David: Yeah, and I use it specifically that way 
in terms of urban sprawl. That's a **technical**—not **technical**, but 
it's a specific term to indicate cities where, um, population has spread in not a very planful way.
Rachel: Yeah, and it's very **wide**, rather than being high. 
Like, New York City is really high. It's very dense 
and there are a lot of very tall buildings where people live. So, in any given block, 
you might have thousands of people living. **Whereas** in sprawl, I think of it as being, 
yes, unplanned, but also lower apartment buildings or houses that just mean that there's, 
it's not physically possible to have as many people in as dense of an area.
David: Right. Um, so yeah, so, 
I, I love that about Philadelphia. It also, it's, um, what I think of as a **gritty** place. It's a blue 
**collar**, you know, historically working-class place where, uh, there was a lot of industry, 
a lot of things were made here. And, um— 
Rachel: So, blue **collar**. You basically just defined by talking about it. In, in, in English, 
we have certain jobs we'd call blue collar, and certain jobs that we'd call white collar. So, 
blue collar jobs would be, like you said, **industry**, working, like the workers kind of idea.
David: Mm-hmm. Right.
Rachel: White collar 
would be more the bosses, the **executives**, the managers, people who are running that.
David: Yeah, 
or office work **versus** work with your hands, could be a rough translation as well.
Rachel: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
David: And it literally comes from the color of one’s 
collar, right? Like, a lot of, um, a lot of blue collar jobs, those uniforms tended to be blue.
Rachel: Yeah. That is probably where it comes from, 
I would imagine. I don't know that for sure, but it seems like a very **plausible** **explanation**.
David: Yeah. So, what, what would you say?
Rachel: Oh. Well, 
I think, I, I love how Philly is sort of cutting edge on the food **scene**.
David: Cutting edge.
Rachel: Yeah. I mean, 
it's one of the ones, one of the cities in the world—
David: No, I wasn't questioning 
that. I was saying, that's an interesting **phrase**.
Rachel: Right. 
David: I totally agree that it's cutting edge.
Rachel: Yeah. So, 
what does cutting edge mean? Cutting edge means, um, **innovating**, at the **forefront**, 
uh, where a lot of **excitement** around something is, is happening. A lot of 
interesting work and developments in a **field** are happening, where it's cutting edge.
David: It's at the edge where new growth is happening, you could say. 
Rachel: And so, I think there's, 
yeah, a lot of interesting, I think there are a lot of interesting food options here. And 
a lot of great **chefs** working in the city. It's definitely a **foodie** city.
David: Mm-hmm.
Rachel: So, I like that.
David: Yeah, and there's 
a unique thing here of BYOs. People might see that in **restaurant** **advertisements** or 
listings. BYO meaning instead of having a **wine** and **liquor** license, or a wine **cellar** themselves, 
a lot of restaurants here encourage people to bring their own wine. In other words, 
they're not licensed themselves to sell wine. And so, you're welcome to bring your own, BYO.
Rachel: Yeah. That **stands for** bring your own.
David: And **part of** what has happened, then, is that 
it makes it, um, it creates a good environment for people who are **launching out** on their own to start 
a small restaurant, to start in a small space, and to cook, yeah, **cutting edge** or **avant-garde**, 
new kinds of food without having the need to **invest** heavily in a **liquor** license and in, um—
Rachel: I guess they're really expensive in Philly?
David: They're really expensive. 
Rachel: And hard to get.
David: And hard to 
get. They're limited. And in addition, then, you know, **stocking a wine cellar** is an expensive part 
of a more traditional restaurant startup cost. So, it's just fostered this great environment where, 
you're right, there are lots of chefs trying lots of different kinds of things.
Rachel: It's also great for us, because that means, you 
know, when we go out, if you can bring a bottle of wine, you pick it out at the liquor store or the 
wine store, and you know, it's obviously way less expensive to buy a bottle of wine at a wine store 
than it is at a restaurant. I mean, that's where a lot of restaurants make a lot of their money, is 
in the markup on alcohol. And so, it's absolutely great as a diner to pick out a favorite bottle 
of wine to take. And then, it saves you a lot of money on your meal. And, you know, I think it does 
allow the restaurant to just focus on what they're doing with the food, which is generally awesome.
David: Mm-hmm.
Rachel: So, I do love that about Philly, 
and that's one thing that is pretty uncommon. In New York City, I think there was only, 
there was only one restaurant I can think of that I knew was a BYO. And most other places, you know, 
they serve it and, if you want to bring your own bottle, they'll charge you a fee for that. But in 
Philly, it's, there's so many BYOs where you can just bring your own bottle of something, 
and they don’t charge you to bring it in, and you can just supplement your meal with 
it. It's awesome. Okay, so, that's one of the things I love about it. I also love the 
classical music scene here. I'm a huge classical music nerd. Love it. There's a great symphony. 
There's a fairly good opera, although I got spoiled living in New York with the Met. Though, 
I've been to some stuff here in Philly that I've enjoyed. Um—
David: So, what's it 
mean to get spoiled? That's a, that's a food word.
Rachel: Yeah. Food would spoil if it's left out to go bad. 
Uh, someone gets spoiled when they get what they want. They're thought of as being spoiled. Like, 
if you spoil a child, then you're always letting the child have what the child wants. 
If I'm saying, I'm spoiled by the music, I was spoiled by the Met, was what I said, which meant, 
at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, I was always hearing world-class opera. Just some of 
the very best that's happening on the planet. And so, that spoiled me. I lived really close to it, 
and that's what I had access to. So, now that I live in a city that doesn't have an opera house 
that's quite as cutting edge, you know, some of the productions, I'm like, ehh. That wasn't that 
good, because I got spoiled by the Met. The Met gave me everything I wanted. Thanks for 
catching that. It is so hard sometimes as you're speaking to notice these idioms or phrasal verbs 
that you're using, because they're just such a natural part of the way we express 
ourselves. Okay, one last thing I love about Philly is how close it is to New York City.
David: Ha. I'm not surprised that's one of yours.
Rachel: Oh, I love it. We can hop in our car—hop in. 
That's a phrasal verb. That just means, you know, 
quickly and with no effort. We can get into the car and drive up to our friends in Brooklyn, 
and be there in an hour forty-five, depending on traffic. And so, yeah, it's just, it's easy to get 
up there, and it also means that, you know, when I moved out of New York, I moved to Philadelphia 
because of David. And it meant that I didn't have to—my friendships didn't have to change that much, 
because I still get to see those friends quite a bit. And that's just been such an important 
part of my life, those friendships. Okay, David. Did you think of a question?
David: All right. So, 
I want to ask you about, in our house, what is your favorite room, and why?
Rachel: Oh, good question. 
David and I moved to our house about a year and a half ago, and I just love it. Don’t you love it?
David: It's a great house, yes.
Rachel: I'm so happy with it. 
The place where we were living before was, I don't know. I just didn't like it at all. 
David had been there forever, and I just moved into it, and felt like I was moving into his 
own life without bringing much of myself. So, it was really nice to pick something out together.
David: So, that's interesting. 
We say forever. So, to a, to a non-native speaker, 
that's maybe confusing. Why would you say forever? So, really, I lived there from 2006 to 2000—
Rachel: ’15.
David: ’15. So, nine years. So, you know—
Rachel: Wait. Oh, 2006, yeah. 
David: So, that's nine years.
Rachel: That's not forever.
David: Specifically. So, 
we use forever when something is longer than average.
Rachel: Yeah. When something feels like a long time. 
It can even just be that it feels like a long time.
David: True, yeah.
Rachel: David had been 
in that apartment for a long time. The way I said it was, David had been there forever.
David: Right.
Rachel: Yeah. Okay, so, yeah, we moved. My 
favorite room, and I know you're going to laugh. So, it's taken us a while to furnish these rooms. 
We moved from a one-bedroom to a three-bedroom, and just have slowly—we're not done by any 
stretch of the imagination. Another great idiom. We're still not done decorating the house. So, 
when you say, by any—we're not something by any stretch of the imagination, that means, even 
if you tried so hard to imagine it, it wouldn't be true. We are not done decorating this house.
David: Right.
Rachel: Like, there's a lot of empty walls, 
floors that need rugs. Just in general. We have some very, like, basic furniture in some rooms, 
and then, it's just like—it almost looks like a hotel. Our bedroom almost looks like a hotel, 
you know. There's not one thing on a wall. There's not a carpet. It's just very kind of cold, 
which I don’t like at all. Yet, I will say, our bedroom is my favorite room in the house? Why? So, 
we've, we've finally made a lovely living room, and I love that, but still, 
like, if I'm relaxing, if I'm going to read a book, I don’t know why, 
I would rather read it in bed than on a couch. It just is more comfy. It, it's a coziness feeling.
David: Yeah. Mm-hmm. 
Rachel: So, that's why I'm going to choose that. Um, 
it's funny. Like, for some reason, I, I just love, it's like my home base. I like to eat 
nachos and watch movies in bed. It's like, why? It's not the best place to do that. But that's 
what I like to do. Guilty pleasure. Eating nachos and watching movies in bed. Guilty pleasure. So, 
that's something that you like but you kind of feel like you shouldn't like.
David: That's a great phrase.
Rachel: Yeah. It's my guilty pleasure. 
Nachos in bed. Okay, David, what's your favorite room in the house, and why?
David: Definitely it's the 
kitchen. We have, um, an open layout on the first floor, and the kitchen and the dining room and are 
connected to each other. And so, I love when I'm cooking and people can hang out and, um, 
be close by. I do a lot of cooking, and I love our kitchen, because it's, yeah, 
it's just, it's really, it's open and it makes it easy to get around and cook in.
Rachel: Yeah. It's a social spot.
David: Mm-hmm. So, that makes it fun for me. I'm 
not tucked away in a back room doing the cooking when we have people over. I get to be in on the 
conversation and, you know, be participating even though I'm cooking and doing what I enjoy.
Rachel: Tucked away 
means put, put away. Sort of covered, hidden.
David: Mm-hmm.
Rachel: Yeah. So, when David is cooking, 
he doesn't feel tucked away because the kitchen is not separate from the rest of the house.
David: Yeah. 
Rachel: One thing I love 
about our kitchen is, there's sort of a deep windowsill, um, for the kitchen window, and we 
have a couple of pots with succulents. Succulents, a succulent is a certain kind of plant. I don’t 
even know how you would define that. They're sort of thick. The stems and leaves are really thick.
David: Thick and glossy and—
Rachel: Yeah. Like a jade plant is a 
succulent. Anyway, we have a bunch of succulents in our windowsill that we got from my aunt who 
lives in California, and they're, California is a great place to grow succulents. And so, 
I, yeah, I just love them. They're actually doing really well there in the windowsill.
David: Yeah, 
they're doing right. It's south-facing and they're happy.
Rachel: I love how that, that kitchen 
window looks. Okay, here's another question for you, David. When have you felt proud recently?
David: That's a good one. Um, so, 
I felt proud recently, um, when Stoney, our son, he, we take him to a play space pretty often. Um, 
it's great. Our friends actually started it, and we love it. And so, we were there—
Rachel: Play space. What do you mean?
David: Oh, right. Uh, 
play space. So, you could say, uh, playground would be a more common, um, uh, term.
Rachel: Yeah. I think most people probably know that.
David: So, playground—yeah. Yeah, so, that's, 
those are usually outside and, um, you know, at places where kids play. So, a play space, 
uh, sort of implies that it's inside, and I guess is a pretty similar word, really.
Rachel: Yeah. 
David: Similar meaning.
Rachel: Yeah. It's a place 
where children can play. They have an indoor play space, which is great for Philly in the winters, 
where they've built, like, a tower and a toy house, and there's, like, 
all these tables where you can put together a toy train set and this kind of thing.
David: Yeah.
Rachel: So, that's, they have a play space.
David: Right. So, what happened was, 
and we've, you know, we sing the ABC song a lot to Stoney, and he really likes letters and words, 
and, and there was a moment where, um, one part of the play space, on one of the walls, 
there's a magnetic board with some magnetic letters and you can stick the letters on 
the board and move them around, and, and, um, you know, just play with the letters. And so, 
we were way far away from that part of the play space, on the other side of the room, but on the 
ground, he found one of these magnetic letters, and he picked it up off the ground and immediately 
started trotting right over to the board, and stuck it back up on the board with the other 
letters. That was just so cool that, you know, he could have just thought that it was a random 
thing laying on the ground, but instead he knew that it was a letter. He knew that it went with 
the other letters. He remembered where to go, and he just went, trot, trot, trot, right over there.
Rachel: Yeah. You 
used the word trotting. He went trotting right over.
David: Oh, yeah.
Rachel: So, trotting 
is faster than a walk. Not quite a jog. Yeah.
David: It's a, that's a phrase from horse riding.
Rachel: Yeah. I would imagine. 
He went trotting right over. It sort of implies that he had 
a mission. He had something he was in mind that he really wanted to go do. 
David: Yeah. Yeah, that's 
a good way to put it. So, that's, uh, a time when I was proud recently. What would you say?
Rachel: Well, there's something extremely exciting 
happening, and by the time this podcast gets edited and posted, it will have already happened. 
But I'm feeling really proud about my YouTube channel right now, because I think this week, 
David, I think within the next seven days, I'm going to reach one million subscribers.
David: Yeah.
Rachel: I mean, that is so cool.
David: That is really cool.
Rachel: I'm not supposed to 
say that kind of thing about myself, but I feel very proud of it. Um, just very lucky. I've been 
making videos. I posted my first video on YouTube in October of 2008. So, almost nine years ago.
David: Yeah.
Rachel: And it's taken a long time to get here, 
and, um, you know, I just, I think it's awesome that so many people are coming along for the ride.
David: Coming along for the ride.
Rachel: Yeah. What 
does that mean? Uh, they are joining me on this adventure that is Rachel's English.
David: Yeah.
Rachel: Mm-hmm. Yeah. So, that's something 
that I'm feeling really proud of and really excited about, and very, very thankful for. 
David: Mm-hmm. Okay, Rach. I have 
a question. So, take your mind back 10 years. So, so, imagine where you were, what you were doing.
Rachel: 2007.
David: Yes.
Rachel: Okay. I was traveling in Indonesia and Thailand, 
and living in New York City. What were you doing?
David: I was 
living in Philadelphia, in that apartment where I lived forever.
Rachel: Yeah, 
okay. Okay, so, that's what we were doing 10 years ago. Okay. What's the question?
David: So, my question is, 
what is something that has changed about your personality since then?
Rachel: Well, 
okay. Let me try to remember myself. Okay, yeah. I'm remembering myself. Got it. I guess I would 
say I think that since then, in the past 10 years, I think I've developed a little bit more interest 
in being still and calm and just watchful. Moments where, I don't know, I'm, I'm aware of letting my 
mind just kind of settle down. I don’t think I really did that. I don’t think I even knew 
that was an option. I think I just thought, you know, my mind goes all the time, and that's that. 
I don’t think I ever thought, oh, but what if I just watched my mind go? How would that 
change my relationship to all of the crap that my mind is saying? And that's been interesting.
David: Yeah. That's a good one.
Rachel: Gaining insight there.
David: Mm-hmm. That's a profound change.
Rachel: Yeah, 
it is. It does make a big difference, I think, in enjoying life. What about you? So, you're living 
in the apartment. 
David: I was living there, and I think something that's changed is that, 
if I go back to that point in my life and think about it, I was in a really intense, um, time 
of growth and introspection and learning about myself. And really, you know, sort of focused on 
me in a way that I think was good and growth-ful and positive, but it was really, I don't know, 
in, inward focused. And, I would compare that to now, where I feel much more focused on our family, 
on Stoney, and really, um, a little bit more outwardly focused on putting our family’s 
needs as, as the priority versus, versus being introspective and having my own needs to be first.
Rachel: So, introspective, 
meaning looking inside yourself, really paying attention to yourself and your being.
David: Mm-hmm.
Rachel: Also, the word focus. You know, we, 
we use this with, like, a camera. Is this picture in focus? But then, we also use it with, where do 
we put our attention? You can focus inward, like you said you were doing more of 10 years ago, 
where again, you're introspective. You're looking at yourself, thinking about yourself, 
your life. Or you can focus outward, where you're paying more attention to the people 
and the environment around you. What's your focus, everybody out there? Take a second, 
think about it. You can also focus on a specific project, for example. I could say, well, today, 
I really want to focus on getting these podcasts recorded, or something like that.
David: Yeah, you're right. 
We really use that in a lot of different ways.
Rachel: It's a great word.
David: All right. So, let me ask you something. So, and 
I guess this is, this includes a phrase that we'll need to define, probably. But, here's my question.
Rachel: Okay.
David: What is one of your pet peeves? 
Rachel: Oh, yeah. Let's define 
pet peeve. So, a pet peeve is something that bothers you. Or you could say, I can't stand 
that. If you can't stand something, that means it really annoys you, really aggravates you.
David: And it's a small 
thing. It's a, it's a, something small that, yeah, is aggravating or gets under your skin.
Rachel: Right. It's not like 
a major, major issue. It's just something small that bothers you, that annoys you.
David: Yeah.
Rachel: Okay. What's one 
of my pet peeves? Well, I'm an introvert, as we have already discussed in another podcast, 
and one of my pet peeves is when I'm in a public space like on an airplane, for example, 
and someone tries to make this conversation with me. This big conversation. I just, I don’t, I do 
not feel like talking to people. And so, one of my pet peeves is people making conversation 
just for the sake of conversation. You know, we don’t need to pass any information on. So, I, 
that's why I would rather not to talk to you. I only want to talk to people I don’t know 
for transactional kinds of things, like your total is $31. Great. Here's my credit card. 
That kind of thing. If, if there's not a need for conversation, I would rather not have it.
David: Yeah. You're having, 
you're enjoying your time and space and sort of relaxing and—
Rachel: Yeah, 
especially now. You know, now, if I'm like, not on duty being Stoney’s mom and I'm 
somewhere, like an airplane where I could potentially watch a movie or read a book, 
I really want to do that. So, that's one of my pet peeves. What about you, David?
David: Um, let's see. 
One of my pet peeves, this has come up a couple times recently is, um, there are these 
automated phone answering systems now for almost everything. So, the example was that I had to call 
my credit card company. There was a mix up, and, um, you know, I just wanted to speak to a human 
being. My problem only needed, it, it was like a 15-second explanation. I could have taken care of 
the actual business of the call so quickly, but instead this thing picks up and it's, 
it's this automated system, and press one for. Or, please listen to the following 
options as our options have recently changed. Everybody’s options have recently changed. 
Rachel: I know. That's like the standard thing they say.
David: What's the deal? It's 
not true. No, they haven’t. Anyway, so, I get really worked up.
Rachel: Yeah, 
because it takes so much time to execute your one task that you have to do.
David: Right, yeah.
Rachel: David, 
you said one thing, an example that's come up recently. So, 
the phrase to come up means to happen, to be at the surface of something. Like, this comes 
up every Friday. This problem comes up every time we try to take a road trip. Or whatever.
David: Yeah. It means happens.
Rachel: Happens, 
yeah. Phrasal verb. To come up. Or, it can also mean to be mentioned, right? Like, 
I could say, oh, this came up the last time we were talking about whatever.
David: Came up in conversation.
Rachel: Yeah.
David: Yeah. It happened.
Rachel: It happened—yeah, you're right.
David: It was, it was spoken. Yeah.
Rachel: You could still 
say that's the definition. It happened. Okay, a question, David, for you. I think this will 
probably be the last question of the podcast. So, get ready to come up with a really good 
answer for it. Okay, where have you never traveled to but feel that you must visit 
in the future? 
David: Oh, that's a great one to think about. That's fun. Well, first of all, there are lots of 
places. This would be a long list, but near the top would be Brazil. I would love to go to Brazil.
Rachel: Lots of Brazilian fans of Rachel's English. So, maybe that’ll be a possibility.
David: All right. Well, we have to go.
Rachel: Go visit them.
David: But, I would love to go to Brazil. 
Um, I've been to a couple other countries in South America, 
but never Brazil. And of course, you know, Brazil just, it's soccer and the samba soccer and the, 
you know, the focus on the beautiful game, the art of the way that they play football, 
they would say. I would just, I would love to go to Brazil and go to a bunch of soccer matches. 
And then, it just, it has this huge coastline with lots of cities and all kinds of beach, um, 
beach towns, big and small. So, it would just be so fun to explore that country.
Rachel: It's too bad we didn't go to the World Cup 
when it was recently in Brazil.
David: It's really too bad.
Rachel: Why didn't we do that?
David: I don't know.
Rachel: Okay. Next time 
the World Cup is in Brazil, I promise I will take you.
David: Sounds good.
Rachel: World Cup. 
For those of you who don’t know, it's a tournament every four years, right David?
David: Mm-hmm. 
Rachel: Mm-hmm. Like, the world soccer tournament.
David: That's right.
Rachel: Who won last time?
David: Germany, right?
Rachel: I don't know.
David: Um—
Rachel: What year was the last World Cup?
David: Uh, 
last one was 2014. I'm pretty sure it was Germany. I can actually see the final goal.
Rachel: Champion, Germany National Football Team.
David: Yeah. The final goal was beautiful.
Rachel: Well, congratulations, Germany.
David: Congrats, Germany.
Rachel: Congrats is just another way 
to say congratulations. A little more casual. It's just a little shortening of the word. Oh, 
congrats. You can say that. It's a friendly thing to say when someone does something awesome.
David: Yep. Okay, so, that's my, my must-visit 
spot. What about you? What would you say?
Rachel: Oh, gosh. Well, just like you, it's very hard. There are so many places I would like to go, 
but definitely my answer is Viet Nam. David, what was the year when we were, 
when we went on our first major road trip across America? That was 20—
David: ’13, I think.
Rachel: ’13 or ’14. Um, 
and we were deciding. We had—David was working in the school system, so he had seven weeks off, 
and we were like, let's take a huge trip. And we were deciding between Viet Nam or a massive U.S. 
road trip. And we ended up choosing the massive U.S. road trip, and I wouldn't say I regret 
that choice, but I, I want to make absolutely sure I get to go to Viet Nam sometime soon.
David: So, what, what are some of the reasons why?
Rachel: Well, because I've 
been to Southeast Asia before and just loved it. I was in Thailand and Indonesia. So, I definitely 
want to go back and explore that general area of the world more. Also, I love Vietnamese food.
David: Mm-hmm.
Rachel: And I've just heard good 
things about it. In my mind, there's some very positive associations, and I'm not even sure why.
David: I think as Americans, 
too, I mean, I would love to go as well for all those reasons. Then, in addition, 
the U.S. has a really complicated relationship with Viet Nam in terms of the war in the ‘60s and, 
um, just, you know, for the reason, too, it would be part of learning our own history as well.
Rachel: Yeah, totally. I 
also have a good friend who’s Vietnamese. Haquen. She's been in some of my videos, and also, 
it doesn't hurt that quite a large percentage of the people who watch my YouTube videos that are 
fans of Rachel's English are in Viet Nam. So, I think it would also be a great place to go 
meet some people who use my videos and study with me in the Academy, and, you know, meet 
them in person. That's always fun. So, it sounds like we have some world traveling to do, David. 
David: Looking forward to it.
Rachel: Me, too. 
Just really hard to do that kind of a trip with Stoney. I'm afraid we're 
going to have to wait a couple years before something like that is possible.
David: Yeah, you're probably right.
Rachel: Okay, guys. That's it for this episode, 
this conversational episode. Have you learned any new phrasal verbs, idioms, or vocabulary words? I 
hope you have. I hope it's been an interesting way for you to learn some of those things, and also, 
a little bit about America culture as we talk about various things. If you would like a copy of 
the transcript for this podcast, it is absolutely free. Visit rachelsenglish.com/podcast. Thanks, 
everyone, for being here. Thanks, David, for helping me record this.
David: You're quite welcome.
Rachel: We'll see you guys 
again next week. In the meantime, if you're not subscribed to the podcast, please subscribe. It's 
free. You can do this on iTunes or Stitcher. I'd also invite you to leave a review of the podcast. 
I read all of the reviews, and I love hearing what you guys think of the Rachel's English podcast.

Machine Translation
"瑞秋：
欢迎收听瑞秋的英语播客。"
"我希望通过
收听这个播客，你能提高"
对美国人的听力理解能力，并且能说更好的美式英语。
"如果您想要免费获得此播客的文字记录
，请访问 rachelsenglish.com/podcast"
并查找此集。 在今天的节目中，我们将进行对话，
"当我们自然地谈论
事物时，我们将尝试识别我们正在使用的"
"所有有趣的习语、短语动词和
奇怪的词汇，"
然后我们会停下来并定义它们。 这样做的目的是，当我们掌握了
"在自然对话中如何使用这些短语和单词时
，我们就可以"
"更好地理解它们的使用方式。 它也有助于为您所听到的内容提供背景信息。
"
有时，当你在上下文中听到一个习语时，
比仅仅学习定义要容易得多。 因此，大卫和我各自准备了几个
问题，以便互相询问，以开始这次对话。 大卫，我先开始。
"大卫：
好的。"
"瑞秋：
那么，我想问您一下，"
住在费城有哪些好处？
"大卫：
哦，是的。 嗯，如你所知，"
我自 2001 年以来就在这里住了很长时间，这里有几件东西我真的很喜欢。 这是
"一座古老的城市，因此人口非常密集。 它是
步行可及的，这意味着，与"
其他一些美国城市相比，
在费城，步行去很多不同的地方真的很容易，那些美国城市更加扩张，事物更加分散，而且更加依赖汽车。 所以—
"Rachel：
蔓延。 这是一个非常棒的词汇。"
"戴维：
这个答案很好。"
"Rachel：
是的，蔓延就是"
"事物蔓延开来。 呃，
我们有时会谈论城市扩张。"
"大卫：
是的，我就是"
针对城市扩张这样使用它的。 这是一个技术术语，不是技术术语，但
它是一个特定术语，用来表示人口分布不太有计划的城市。
"Rachel：
是的，而且它很宽，而不是很高。"
比如，纽约市的高度就非常高。 这里人口非常密集
"，
人们居住的地方有很多高楼大厦。 因此，在任何一个街区，"
"可能有数千人居住。
而就城市蔓延而言，我认为它是"
"无规划的，但同时也
意味着公寓楼或房屋的层高较低，这意味着"
"
在如此密集的地区容纳如此多的人口在物理上是不可能的。"
"大卫：
对。 嗯，是的，所以"
"，我喜欢费城的这一点。
嗯，我认为这里也是一个充满坚韧的地方。 你知道，这是一个蓝领"
"地区，历史上是工人阶级聚居的
地方，这里有很多工业，"
"很多东西都是在这里制造的。 而且，嗯——
"
Rachel：所以，是蓝领。 你基本上只是通过谈论它来定义它。 在英语中，
我们把某些工作称为蓝领，把某些工作称为白领。 所以，
"蓝领工作就像你说的，就是
工业、工作，就像工人那样的想法。"
"大卫：
嗯。 正确的。"
"Rachel：
白领"
"更多的是指老板、高管、
经理和其他管理这些事情的人。"
"大卫：
是的，"
或者办公室工作与手工工作，也可以是粗略的翻译。
"瑞秋：
嗯嗯。 是的。"
"大卫：
它实际上来自于人的"
"衣领颜色，对吗？ 就像很多
蓝领工作一样，制服往往是蓝色的。"
瑞秋：是的。 我想象它可能就是从那里来的
"。 我不太确定，
但这似乎是一个非常合理的解释。"
"戴维：
是的。 那么，你会说什么？"
"瑞秋：
哦。 嗯，"
"我想，我喜欢费城
在美食领域的前沿地位。"
"戴维：
最前沿。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 我的意思是，"
"它是
世界上最著名的城市之一——"
"大卫：
不，我并没有质疑"
这一点。 我说的是，这是一个有趣的短语。
"瑞秋：
对。
"
"大卫：
我完全同意这是最前沿的技术。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 那么，"
尖端技术意味着什么？ 前沿意味着创新，处于最前沿，
"呃，周围有很多令人兴奋的
事情正在发生。 许多"
有趣的工作和发展正在该领域最前沿发生。
"大卫：
你可以说，它正处于新增长发生的边缘。"
"瑞秋：
所以，我认为这里有"
"很多有趣的东西，我认为
这里有很多有趣的食物选择。"
"这个城市还有很多优秀的厨师
。 这绝对是一座美食之城。"
"大卫：
嗯。"
"瑞秋：
所以，我喜欢这个。"
"大卫：
是的，"
"这里有一个独特之处，就是 BYO。 人们可能会
在餐厅广告或列表中看到它"
。  BYO 的意思是，很多餐厅不需要持有酒水许可证或酒窖，而是
"鼓励人们
自带酒水。 换句话说，"
他们自己没有销售葡萄酒的执照。  因此，欢迎您自带酒水，BYO。
"瑞秋：
是的。 这代表着自带。"
"David：
而现在发生的事情部分是，"
它为那些想要自己开小餐馆的人们创造了良好的环境，他们可以
在小空间里开始烹饪，是的，前沿的或前卫的，
新型的食物，而不需要投入大量资金去申请酒类执照，嗯——
"Rachel：
我猜在费城这些钱真的很贵吧？"
"大卫：
它们确实很贵。
"
"Rachel：
而且很难得到。"
"大卫：
而且很难"
得到。 它们是有限的。 此外，你知道，储存酒窖是
传统餐厅启动成本中昂贵的一部分。 所以，它只是培育了这个良好的环境，
"你说得对，有很多厨师
尝试各种各样的东西。"
瑞秋：这对我们来说也很棒，因为这意味着，你
知道，当我们出去的时候，如果你可以带一瓶酒，你可以在酒类商店或
葡萄酒商店挑选，而且你知道，在葡萄酒商店买一瓶酒显然
比在餐馆买便宜得多。 我的意思是，很多餐馆的赚钱来源就是
酒水的加价。 因此，对于用餐者来说，挑选一瓶最喜欢的葡萄酒绝对是个很棒的
选择。 这样，你就节省了很多餐费。 而且，你知道，我认为这确实
让餐厅能够只关注他们对食物的处理，这总体来说很棒。
"大卫：
嗯。"
"瑞秋：
所以，我确实喜欢费城的这一点，"
这是非常不常见的一件事。  在纽约市，我想
只有一家我知道可以自带酒水的餐厅。 你知道，大多数其他地方也
提供这种服务，如果你想自带酒水，他们会向你收取费用。 但是在
"费城，有很多 BYO 餐厅，你
可以带上自己的酒水进来，"
"他们不会向你收取费用，
你可以用它来补充你的餐食"
"。 太棒了。 好的，这是
我喜欢它的原因之一。 我也喜欢"
这里的古典音乐场景。 我是一位古典音乐迷。 爱它。 有一首伟大的交响乐。
"虽然我在纽约大都会歌剧院的生活让我娇惯了，但那里的歌剧还是相当不错的
。 不过，"
"我去过费城的一些地方，
很喜欢。 嗯——"
"大卫：
那么，"
被宠坏是什么意思？ 这是一个食物词。
"瑞秋：
是的。 食物如果放在外面就会变质。"
呃，当人们得到他们想要的东西时，他们就会被宠坏。 人们认为他们被宠坏了。 比如，
"如果你宠坏了一个孩子，那么你就会总是
让孩子得到他想要的东西。"
如果我说我被音乐宠坏了，那是因为我被大都会歌剧院宠坏了，这意味着，
在纽约大都会歌剧院，我总是能听到世界级的歌剧。 这只是
地球上正在发生的一些最美好的事情。 所以，这让我宠坏了。 我住的地方离它很近，
所以我可以使用它。 所以，现在我住在一个没有歌剧院的城市，
但歌剧院的某些作品却相当前沿，你知道，我感觉有些不对。 那并不是
很好，因为我被大都会博物馆宠坏了。 大都会博物馆给了我想要的一切。 谢谢你
发现了这一点。 当你说话时，有时很难注意到你所使用的成语或短语动词
"，因为它们只是
我们表达自我方式的自然组成部分"
"。 好吧，我喜欢费城的最后一件事
是它离纽约市很近。"
"大卫：
哈哈。 我并不惊讶那是你其中一个。"
"瑞秋：
噢，我很喜欢它。 我们可以跳上车——跳进去。"
这是一个短语动词。 这只是意味着，你知道，
快速且毫不费力。 我们可以开车去布鲁克林见朋友，
根据交通状况，一小时四十五分钟后到达。 是的，
到达那里很容易，这也意味着，你知道，当我搬出纽约时，我因为大卫而搬到了费城
。 这意味着我不需要——我的友谊不需要发生太大的改变，
因为我仍然可以经常见到那些朋友。
"这些友谊是我生命中非常重要的一部分。
好的，大卫。 你想到了一个问题吗？"
"大卫：
好的。 所以，"
"我想问你，在我们家里，
你最喜欢的房间是哪个，为什么？"
"瑞秋：
哦，这个问题问得好。"
大约一年半前，大卫和我搬到了现在的房子，我非常喜欢它。 你不喜欢它吗？
"大卫：是的
，这是一座很棒的房子。"
"瑞秋：
我非常高兴。"
"我们之前住的地方
是，我不知道。 我根本不喜欢它。"
大卫一直都在那里，而我却只是搬进去，感觉就像是闯进了他
"自己的生活，而没有带来太多我自己的东西。 所以，
一起挑选一些东西真的很棒。"
"大卫：
所以，这很有趣。"
我们说永远。  所以，对于非母语人士来说，
这可能会令人困惑。 为何要说永远？  所以，实际上，我从 2006 年到 2000 年住在那里——
"Rachel：
’15 年。"
"戴维：
’15。 就这样，九年了。 所以，你知道——"
"Rachel：
等一下。 哦，是的，2006 年。
"
"大卫：
那么，一共是九年。"
"Rachel：
那不是永远。"
"大卫：
具体来说。 因此，"
"当某物
比平均值长时，我们会使用“永远”。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 当某件事让人感觉很长时。"
甚至只是感觉很长一段时间。
"大卫：
没错，是的。"
"瑞秋：
大卫"
"在那间公寓里住了很长时间。 正如
我所说，大卫一直都在那里。"
"大卫：
对。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 好的，是的，我们搬家了。 我"
最喜欢的房间，我知道你会笑。  所以，我们花了一段时间来布置这些房间。
我们从一居室搬到了三居室，而且进展缓慢——无论如何我们还没有完成
。 又一个伟大的成语。  我们还没有装修完房子。 所以，
当你说，无论如何——我们根本不是某种东西，这意味着，即使
"你尽力想象它，它也不
是真的。 我们还没有装修完这所房子。"
"大卫：
对。"
"瑞秋：
比如，有很多空的墙壁，"
地板上需要铺地毯。 只是一般而言。 我们在一些房间里配备了一些非常基本的家具，
"然后，它看起来几乎就像
一家酒店。 你知道，我们的卧室看起来几乎就像一间酒店"
"。 墙上什么也没有。
没有地毯。 只是有点冷，"
"我一点也不喜欢。 然而，我要说的是，我们的
卧室是我在家里最喜欢的房间？ 为什么？ 所以，"
"我们终于装修完成了一个可爱的
客厅，我很喜欢，但是"
"，如果我要放松，如果我
要读一本书，我不知道为什么，"
我宁愿在床上看书，而不是在沙发上看书。 它只是更舒服。 那，那是一种舒适的感觉。
"戴维：
是的。 嗯哼。
"
"瑞秋：
所以，这就是我选择它的原因。 嗯，"
"很有趣。 就像，出于某种原因，我就是
喜欢，它就像我的大本营。 我喜欢"
在床上吃玉米片和看电影。 就像，为什么？  这不是做这件事的最佳地点。 但这正是
我喜欢做的事。 罪恶的快乐。 在床上吃玉米片、看电影。 罪恶的快乐。 所以，
"这是你喜欢但又
觉得不应该喜欢的东西。"
"大卫：
这句话说得真好。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 这是我的罪恶之乐。"
在床上吃玉米片。 好的，大卫，你最喜欢房子里的哪个房间？为什么？
"大卫：
当然是"
厨房。 我们的一楼是开放式布局，厨房和餐厅
互相连通。 所以，我喜欢在我做饭的时候和大家一起闲逛，嗯，
"在附近。 我经常做饭，
我喜欢我们的厨房，因为"
"它是开放的，
可以很方便地走动和做饭。Rachel"
"：
是的。 这是一个社交场所。"
"大卫：
嗯。 所以，这让我很开心。"
当我们有客人来访时，我不会躲在后面的房间做饭。 我可以参与
谈话，你知道，即使我在做饭和做我喜欢的事情，也可以参与其中。
"瑞秋：
藏起来的"
意思是放、收起来。 有点被覆盖、隐藏。
"大卫：
嗯。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 因此，当大卫做饭时，"
他不会感到孤独，因为厨房与房子的其他部分并没有分开。
"戴维：
是的。
"
"瑞秋：
我喜欢"
"我们厨房的一点是，厨房窗户旁边有一个很深的
窗台，我们在那里"
放了几个盆多肉植物。 多肉植物，多肉植物是一种植物。 我
甚至不知道你如何定义这一点。 它们有点厚。 茎和叶非常粗。
"大卫：
又厚又有光泽——"
"瑞秋：
是的。 像玉树就是一种"
多肉植物。 不管怎样，我们的窗台上有许多多肉植物，都是我从
"住在加利福尼亚的阿姨那里买来的，加利福尼亚
是种植多肉植物的好地方。 所以，"
"是的，我就是喜欢它们。 它们实际上
在窗台上长得很好。"
"大卫：
是的，"
"他们做得对。 它
朝南，他们很高兴。"
"瑞秋：
我很喜欢那个厨房"
窗户的样子。 好的，大卫，我还有一个问题要问你。 最近什么时候让你感到自豪？
"戴维：
这个答案很好。 嗯，所以，"
最近我感到很自豪，嗯，当我们的儿子斯托尼，我们经常带他去游乐场。 嗯，
"太棒了。 实际上我们的朋友就开始
这么做了，而且我们也很喜欢它。 所以，我们在那里——"
"Rachel：
玩耍的空间。 你是什么意思？"
"大卫：
哦，对的。 呃，"
玩空间。 所以，你可以说，呃，操场会是一个更常见的术语。
"瑞秋：
是的。 我想大多数人可能都知道这一点。"
"大卫：
那么，操场——是的。 是的，"
那些通常在户外，嗯，你知道，在孩子们玩耍的地方。 所以，游戏空间，
"呃，有点暗示它在里面，
我想这真的是一个非常相似的词。"
"瑞秋：
是的。
"
"David：
意思差不多。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 这是一个"
孩子们可以玩耍的地方。 他们有一个室内游乐场，非常适合费城的冬天，
"他们在那里建了一座塔
和一座玩具屋，还有"
所有这些桌子，你可以在那里组装一套玩具火车和类似的东西。
"戴维：
是的。"
"瑞秋：
那么，他们有一个游乐空间。"
"大卫：
对。 所以，发生的事情是，"
我们经常给 Stoney 唱 ABC 歌，他非常喜欢字母和单词，
有一次，在游戏空间的一部分，在其中一面墙上，
有一块磁性板，上面有一些磁性字母，你可以把字母贴在
板上并移动它们，嗯，你知道，只是玩字母。 因此，
我们距离游戏空间的那部分很远，在房间的另一边，但在
地上，他发现了其中一个磁性字母，他把它从地上捡起来，立即
"开始小跑到黑板上，
把它和其他字母一起粘回黑板上"
。 这太酷了，你知道，他可能只是以为那只是地上随便的
东西，但他知道那是一封信。 他知道它与
其他字母有关。 他记得要去哪里，然后他就跑过去，跑啊，跑啊，跑啊，就到那边。
"瑞秋：
是的。 你"
"使用了“小跑”这个词。 他
就小跑过来了。"
"大卫：
哦，是的。"
"瑞秋：
那么，小跑"
比步行快。 不算慢跑。 是的。
"大卫：
这是骑马时说的一句话。"
"瑞秋：
是的。 我可以想象。"
"他就小跑
过来。 这似乎暗示着他有"
"一个使命。 他心里有一件
非常想做的事情。
"
"戴维：
是的。 是的，这是"
"一个很好的说法。 所以，那是
我最近感到自豪的时刻。 你会说什么？"
"瑞秋：
嗯，有一件非常令人兴奋的事情"
正在发生，等这个播客编辑并发布时，它就已经发生了。
但我现在对我的 YouTube 频道感到非常自豪，因为我认为本周，
"大卫，我想在接下来的七天内，
我的订阅者人数将达到一百万。"
"戴维：
是的。"
"瑞秋：
我的意思是，这太酷了。"
"大卫：
那真是太酷了。"
"瑞秋：
我不应该"
说这样的话，但我对此感到非常自豪。 嗯，只是非常幸运。 我一直在
制作视频。 我于 2008 年 10 月在 YouTube 上发布了我的第一个视频。所以，差不多九年了。
"戴维：
是的。"
"瑞秋：
我花了很长时间才到达这里，"
嗯，你知道，我只是觉得有这么多人来陪我真是太棒了。
"戴维 (David)： 我也
来一起骑行。"
"瑞秋：
是的。"
这意味着什么？ 呃，他们和我一起参加了这场名为 Rachel's English 的冒险。
"戴维：
是的。"
"瑞秋：
嗯嗯。 是的。 所以，这是"
"我感到非常自豪和
兴奋并且非常非常感谢的事情。
"
"大卫：
嗯。 好的，Rach。 我有"
一个问题。 那么，让我们回顾一下10年前。 那么，想象一下你在哪里，在做什么。
"瑞秋：
2007 年。"
"大卫：
是的。"
"瑞秋：
好的。 我曾在印度尼西亚和泰国旅行，"
现在住在纽约市。 你在干嘛？
"大卫：
我"
"住在费城，住在那间
我一直住的公寓里。"
"瑞秋：
是的，"
"好的。 好的，这就是我们
十年前所做的事情。 好的。 问题是什么？"
"大卫：
那么，我的问题是，"
从那时起，你的性格发生了哪些变化？
"瑞秋：
嗯，"
好的。 让我试着回忆一下我自己。 好的，是的。  我记得我自己。 知道了。 我
想说，从那时起，在过去的 10 年里，我
对保持静止、冷静和警惕产生了更多的兴趣。 在那些时候，我不知道，我意识到我的
"思绪平静下来。 我想
我没有真正这么做过。 我想我甚至不知道"
那是一个选择。 我想我只是想，你知道，我的思绪一直在变化，就是这样。
"我想我从来没有想过，哦，但是
如果我只是看着我的思绪运转会怎样？ 这会如何"
改变我与我头脑中所说的所有废话的关系？ 这很有趣。
"戴维：
是的。 那很好。"
"Rachel：
从中获得了深刻的见解。"
"大卫：
嗯。 这是一个深刻的变化。"
"瑞秋：
是的，确实"
是。 我认为这确实对享受生活有很大的影响。 你呢？ 所以，你住
"在公寓里。

"
"大卫：我当时住在那里，我认为
有些事情发生了变化，"
如果我回到我生命中的那个时刻并思考它，我正处于一段非常紧张的
成长、反省和了解自己的时期。 而且真的，你知道，他们
以一种我认为是好的、有成长性的、积极的方式关注着我，但实际上，我不知道，
他们是内向的。 并且，我会将那时与现在进行比较，我感觉自己更加专注于我们的家庭，更加专注
"于斯托尼，实际上，嗯，更加外在
地关注把我们家庭的"
需求作为优先事项，而不是内省并把我自己的需求放在第一位。
"瑞秋：
所以，内省"
"意味着审视自己，真正
关注自己和自己的存在。"
"大卫：
嗯。"
"Rachel：
还有“焦点”这个词。 你知道，"
我们将它与相机一起使用。 这张照片清晰吗？ 但是，我们也使用它，
我们的注意力应该放在哪里呢？ 你可以将注意力转向内心，就像你说你 10 年前做的那样，
"再次进行内省。 你正在
审视自己、思考自己、思考"
"自己的生活。 或者你可以把目光转向外部，
更加关注"
你周围的人和环境。 各位朋友，你们的关注点是什么？ 花一点时间
考虑一下。 例如，您还可以专注于特定项目。 我可以说，好吧，今天，
"我真的很想专注于录制这些
播客，或类似的事情。"
"大卫：
是的，你说得对。"
我们确实以很多不同的方式使用它。
"Rachel：
这是一个很棒的词。"
"大卫：
好的。 那么，让我问你一件事。 所以，"
我想这其中可能包括一个我们需要定义的短语。 但是，这是我的问题。
"瑞秋：
好的。"
"大卫：
你最讨厌的事情是什么？
"
"瑞秋：
哦，是的。 让我们定义一下"
讨厌的事情。 所以，pet peeve 就是令你烦恼的事情。 或者你可以说，我无法忍受
那样。 如果您无法忍受某事，那就意味着它确实让您烦恼，确实让您恼火。
"大卫：
这是一件"
"小事。 这是一件，是一件，小事，
是的，它会让你恼火或让你生气。"
"瑞秋：
对。 这不是"
"一个重大问题。 这只是一些
困扰你、让你烦恼的小事。"
"戴维：
是的。"
"瑞秋：
好的。"
"我最讨厌的事情是什么？ 嗯，我是一个内向的人，正如
我们在另一个播客中讨论过的那样，"
"我最讨厌的事情之一就是当我在
公共场所，例如在飞机上，"
有人试图和我进行这种对话。 这次重要的对话。 我只是，我不想，我
"不想和别人说话。 因此，
我最讨厌的事情之一就是人们"
只是为了谈话而谈话。 你知道，我们不需要传递任何信息。 所以，我，
"这就是为什么我宁愿不和你说话。
我只想和我不认识的人"
"谈论交易方面的事情，比如您的
总额是 31 美元。 伟大的。 这是我的信用卡。"
"诸如此类的事情。 如果，如果没有必要
交谈，我宁愿不交谈。"
"戴维：
是的。 你"
"正在享受你的时间和
空间以及放松和——"
"Rachel：
是的，"
"尤其是现在。 你知道，现在，如果我
不是在担任 Stoney 的妈妈，而是在"
"某个地方，比如在飞机上，我可以在那里
看电影或读书，"
"我真的很想这样做。 所以，这是
我最讨厌的事情之一。 那你呢，大卫？"
"大卫：
嗯，让我们看看。"
"我最讨厌的事情之一，最近已经出现了
几次，嗯，"
现在几乎所有事情都有自动电话应答系统。 例如，我必须打电话给
我的信用卡公司。 发生了一些混淆，嗯，你知道，我只是想和一个人说话
。 我的问题只需要 15 秒的解释。 我本可以
"这么快地处理好电话的实际业务，
但是这个东西却接通了电话，"
"这是自动系统，然后按 1
。 或者，请听取以下"
"选项，因为我们的选项最近已经改变。  最近每个人的选择都发生了改变。
"
"瑞秋：
我知道。 这就像他们说的标准话。"
"戴维：
怎么回事？ 这"
"不是真的。 没有。
不管怎样，我真的很激动。"
"瑞秋：
是的，"
"因为完成
你必须要做的一项任务要花掉很多时间。"
"大卫：
是的，是的。"
"瑞秋：
大卫，"
"你说了一件事，一个
最近出现的例子。 因此，"
短语“come up”的意思是发生、出现在某事物的表面。 就像，
每个星期五都会出现这种情况。 每次我们尝试公路旅行时，都会出现这个问题。 或者其他什么。
"戴维：
是的。 意思是发生了。"
"瑞秋：
是的，"
"确实如此。 短语动词。 上来。 或者
也可以是被提及的意思，对吗？ 就像，"
"我可以说，哦，上次
我们谈论某件事时就提到了这一点。"
"戴维：
在谈话中提到过。"
"瑞秋：
是的。"
"戴维：
是的。 它发生了。"
"瑞秋：
事情发生了——是的，你说得对。"
"大卫：
是的，有人这么说过。 是的。"
"瑞秋：
你仍然可以"
"说这就是定义。 它发生了。 好的，
大卫，我想问你一个问题。 我想这"
可能是播客的最后一个问题。  因此，准备好想出一个真正好的
"答案吧。 好的，哪里你还未
去过但是觉得将来一定要去呢"
"？
"
大卫：哦，这是一个很值得思考的问题。 这很有趣。 嗯，首先，有很多
地方。 这个名单很长，但排在最前面的是巴西。 我很想去巴西。
Rachel：很多巴西粉丝都喜欢 Rachel 的英语。  所以，也许这是一种可能性。
"大卫：
好的。 好吧，我们得走了。"
"瑞秋：
去拜访他们吧。"
"大卫：
但是，我很想去巴西。"
嗯，我去过南美洲的其他几个国家，
但从来没去过巴西。 当然，你知道，巴西只是足球，桑巴足球，
"你知道，他们会说，专注于美丽的比赛
，他们踢足球的艺术"
。 我只是，我很想去巴西看一场足球比赛。
"然后，它拥有巨大的海岸线，
上面有许多城市和各种各样的海滩，嗯，"
"大大小小的海滨小镇。 所以，
探索那个国家会很有趣。"
"瑞秋：最近在巴西举行的
世界杯我们没能去观看，真是太遗憾了"
。
"大卫：
真是太糟糕了。"
"瑞秋：
我们为什么不这么做呢？"
"戴维：
我不知道。"
"瑞秋：
好的。 下次"
"世界杯在巴西举行时，
我保证我会带你去。"
"大卫：
听起来不错。"
"瑞秋：
世界杯。"
"对于那些不知道的人来说，这是
每四年举办一次的锦标赛，对吧，大卫？"
"大卫：
嗯。
"
"瑞秋：
嗯嗯。 就像世界足球锦标赛一样。"
"大卫：
没错。"
"瑞秋：
上次谁赢了？"
"大卫：
德国，对吧？"
"瑞秋：
我不知道。"
"大卫：
嗯——"
"瑞秋：
上届世界杯是哪一年？"
"大卫：
呃，"
"最后一次是 2014 年。我很确定是
德国。 我确实可以看到最终的目标。"
"Rachel：
德国国家足球队冠军。"
"戴维：
是的。 最后的进球非常漂亮。"
"瑞秋：
好吧，祝贺你，德国。"
"大卫：
恭喜，德国。"
"瑞秋：“
Congrats”只是表示祝贺的另一种方式"
。 更加随意一点。  这只是单词的稍微缩短而已。 哦，
"恭喜。 你可以这么说。
当某人做了一些很棒的事情时，这是很友好的说法。"
"戴维：
是的。 好的，这就是我必去的"
地方。 你呢？ 你会说什么？
瑞秋：哦，天哪。 嗯，就像你一样，这非常困难。  我想去的地方有很多，
"但我的答案肯定是越南。
大卫，"
"我们第一次
横跨美国的公路旅行是在哪一年？ 那是 20……"
"David：
我想是 13 年吧。"
"Rachel：
2013 年或 2014 年。 嗯，"
我们正在决定。 大卫在学校系统工作，所以他有七周的假期，
我们就想，让我们来一次长途旅行吧。 我们正在决定是去越南还是去美国进行长途
公路旅行。 最后我们选择了美国之旅，我不会说我后悔
这个选择，但是我绝对想确保我能很快去越南。
大卫：那么，原因是什么呢？
"瑞秋：
嗯，因为我"
以前去过东南亚，并且非常喜欢那里。  我去过泰国和印度尼西亚。 所以，我绝对
想回去进一步探索那个地区。 另外，我喜欢越南菜。
"大卫：
嗯。"
"瑞秋：
我刚刚听到一些"
关于它的好消息。 在我看来，有一些非常积极的联想，但我甚至不知道为什么。
"大卫：
我想，作为美国人，出于这些原因，"
"我也很乐意去
。 此外，就"
60 年代的战争而言，美国与越南的关系非常复杂，
嗯，你知道，出于这个原因，这也是了解我们自己历史的一部分。
"瑞秋：
是的，完全正确。 我"
还有一个越南好朋友。 哈昆。 她曾出演过我的一些视频，而且，
观看我 YouTube 视频的人群中，很大一部分是
Rachel's English 的粉丝，他们来自越南，这并没有什么坏处。 所以，我认为这也是一个很好的地方，可以
去见一些使用我的视频并在学院与我一起学习的人，并且，你知道，可以
"亲自见见他们。 这总是很有趣的。 所以，听起来我们要去环游世界了，大卫。
"
"大卫：
非常期待。"
"瑞秋：
我也是。    和斯托尼一起"
"进行这样的旅行真的很难
。 恐怕我们"
"还要等待几年
才能实现这样的事情。"
"大卫：
是的，你可能是对的。"
"瑞秋：
好的，伙计们。 这就是本集"
对话的全部内容。 你学过任何新的短语动词、习语或词汇吗？ 我
希望你有。 我希望这是一种有趣的方式来让你们学到其中的一些事情，而且，
"在我们谈论各种事情的时候，你们也能了解一点美国文化
。 如果您想要一份"
该播客的文字记录副本，它是完全免费的。 访问 rachelsenglish.com/podcast。 谢谢
"大家来到这里。 谢谢
大卫帮我记录这个。"
"戴维：
别客气。"
"瑞秋：
我们"
下周再见。 同时，如果您尚未订阅播客，请订阅。 它是
免费的。 您可以在 iTunes 或 Stitcher 上执行此操作。 我还邀请您对播客留下评论。
我阅读了所有评论，我很高兴听到你们对 Rachel's English 播客的看法。