---
title: 20250306
date: 2025-03-06 22:36:30
permalink: /pages/6ddb69/
categories:
  - 英语学习
  - VOA
tags:
  - 
author: 
  name: Riverside Joy
  link: https://github.com/MaiRen1997
---
## Artical

**American Culture: Bald Eagle Officially Named National Bird of U.S.**

March 05, 2025

The **bald** **eagle** is a **symbol** of the United States. An image of the bird is on the flag and **seal** of the U.S. president, the seal of the U.S. Supreme Court, **military** **insignia,** <u>as well as</u> the dollar bill.

Even so, the bird has had its ups and downs.

**At one time**, the bald eagle was at risk of permanent disappearance, or **extinction**. Later, however, its numbers **recovered**. In the early 2000s, the **federal** government removed the bird from its endangered **species** list.

**Culturally**, too, the **raptors** are doing well again. In December 2024 before leaving office, Joe Biden signed **legislation** officially making the bald eagle the national bird of the United States.

**Their well-being was connected a bug poison**

The bald eagle has a long complex story of species weakness and recovery. An **insect-killing** chemical called DDT played a major part in that story.

DDT is a chemical used to kill insects. The **substance** also **proved** harmful to eagle eggs. American officials banned DDT in 1972. But the use of the chemical had already caused severe damage to eagle populations. For example, in the 1980s there was only one **nesting** **pair** of eagles in the state of New Jersey. Now, there are about 300 pairs.

**Efforts to save bald eagles**

To rebuild the number of eagles across the U.S., researchers wanting to save them imported the birds from places where their population numbers were **secure**, including Canada.

Early on, they also removed eggs from their 

 so they could safely **hatch** with scientists before being returned to their parents to raise, explained Kathy Clark. She is the head of New Jersey’s Endangered and Nongame Species Program.

Clark has worked with the birds for many years. This includes the time when New Jersey had very few **bald** eagles, and they only lived in areas far from people.

Clark said that she will always remember that feeling of not knowing if the species will **survive**.

Maia Edwards is the science director at the American Bald Eagle Foundation in Alaska. She says the species represents “one of the few conservation success stories of animals” that came close to disappearing **permanently** from America.

“…I think now it’s really important to make sure people know that story and learn from it,” she said.

Clark said the eagles have taught officials some lessons. One is that the **raptors** are good at changing to fit their environment. The birds now live in parts of New Jersey that are **dense** with people.

But, the birds still face dangers in such areas.

Jilian Fazio is director of the Essex County Turtle Back Zoo in northern New Jersey. She said the zoo rescues a number of birds **hit** by cars. The zoo also is home to Freedom, a bald eagle named by the **caretakers**. Freedom was rescued hanging from a tree in Minnesota after he got caught in some **rope**. He was **injured** so badly that he cannot be returned to the wild, Fazio said.

A lack of eagle **habitat** and **prey** also threatens the species. Bald eagles feed heavily on fish, so they require clean, open water <u>in which</u> to hunt.

**Disease** **outbreaks**, such as **avian** **influenza** or bird **flu**, are another serious threat to the birds.

**Native American symbolism**

The birds are highly **respected** by several Native American cultures as symbols of **strength**, especially in the Pacific Northwest, says Paul Apodaca. He is a **retired** **university** professor who specializes in stories and **storytelling** from different cultures.

The position of eagles as symbols of the U.S. adds to their **protection**.

“Americans are always going to have that sort of personal relationship with bald eagles," said Clark, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection official.

Dan Day is a birder. He has seen bald eagles about 50 times in recent years both on nature walks and while driving around.

He said, “It really **elevates** your day to see a bald eagle."

I’m Anna Matteo.

*Mike Catalini reported this story for the Associated Press. Anna Matteo adapted it for VOA Learning English.*

__________________________________________________________

## **Words in This Story**

**symbol** *-n.* something that stands for something else, especially: something real that stands for or suggests another thing that cannot in itself be pictured or shown

**seal** *-n.* a device (as an emblem, symbol, or word) used to identify or replace a signature and to authenticate (as at common law) written matter

**insignia** *-n.* a badge of authority or honor

**species** *-n.* a class of individuals having common attributes and designated by a common name

**raptor** *-n.* a carnivorous medium- to large-sized bird (such as a hawk, eagle, owl, or vulture) that has a hooked beak and large sharp talons and that feeds wholly or chiefly on meat taken by hunting or on carrion

**nest** *-n.* a place or structure where eggs are laid and hatched or young are raised : **nesting** *-adj.*

**pair** *-n.* two things that match or are meant to be used together

**habitat** *-n.* the place or environment where a plant or animal naturally or normally lives and grows

**prey** *-n.* an animal hunted or killed by another animal for food

**elevate** *-v.* to improve the mind or spirits of